.\" Start URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UR
.  ds m1 \\$1\"
.  nh
.  if \\n(mH \{\
.    \" Start diversion in a new environment.
.    do ev URL-div
.    do di URL-div
.  \}
..
.\" End URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UE
.  ie \\n(mH \{\
.    br
.    di
.    ev
.
.    \" Has there been one or more input lines for the link text?
.    ie \\n(dn \{\
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">"
.      \" Yes, strip off final newline of diversion and emit it.
.      do chop URL-div
.      do URL-div
\c
.      do HTML-NS </a>
.    \}
.    el \
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">\\*(m1</a>"
\&\\$*\"
.  \}
.  el \
\\*(la\\*(m1\\*(ra\\$*\"
.
.  hy \\n(HY
..
.TH ZABBIX_WEB_SERVICE 8 "2022\-01\-06" Zabbix
.SH NAME
zabbix_web_service \- Zabbix web service
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zabbix_web_service
.RB [ \-c
.IR config\-file ]
.br
.B zabbix_web_service \-h
.br
.B zabbix_web_service \-V
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B zabbix_web_service
is an application for providing web services to Zabbix components. 
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fIconfig\-file\fR"
Use the alternate \fIconfig\-file\fR instead of the default one.
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display this help and exit.
.IP "\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Output version information and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/etc/zabbix_web_service.conf
Default location of Zabbix web service configuration file (if not modified during compile time).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.UR https://www.zabbix.com/manuals
Documentation
.UE
.PP
.BR zabbix_agentd (8),
.BR zabbix_get (1),
.BR zabbix_proxy (8),
.BR zabbix_sender (1),
.BR zabbix_server (8),
.BR zabbix_js (1),
.BR zabbix_agent2 (8)
