.\" Start URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UR
.  ds m1 \\$1\"
.  nh
.  if \\n(mH \{\
.    \" Start diversion in a new environment.
.    do ev URL-div
.    do di URL-div
.  \}
..
.\" End URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UE
.  ie \\n(mH \{\
.    br
.    di
.    ev
.
.    \" Has there been one or more input lines for the link text?
.    ie \\n(dn \{\
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">"
.      \" Yes, strip off final newline of diversion and emit it.
.      do chop URL-div
.      do URL-div
\c
.      do HTML-NS </a>
.    \}
.    el \
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">\\*(m1</a>"
\&\\$*\"
.  \}
.  el \
\\*(la\\*(m1\\*(ra\\$*\"
.
.  hy \\n(HY
..
.TH ZABBIX_PROXY 8 "2022\-01\-06" Zabbix
.SH NAME
zabbix_proxy \- Zabbix proxy daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zabbix_proxy
.RB [ \-c
.IR config\-file ]
.br
.B zabbix_proxy
.RB [ \-c
.IR config\-file ]
.B \-R
.I runtime\-option
.br
.B zabbix_proxy \-h
.br
.B zabbix_proxy \-V
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B zabbix_proxy
is a daemon that collects monitoring data from devices and sends it to Zabbix server.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fIconfig\-file\fR"
Use the alternate \fIconfig\-file\fR instead of the default one.
.IP "\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-foreground\fR"
Run Zabbix proxy in foreground.
.IP "\fB\-R\fR, \fB\-\-runtime\-control\fR \fIruntime\-option\fR"
Perform administrative functions according to \fIruntime\-option\fR.
.SS
.RS 4
Runtime control options
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B config_cache_reload
Reload configuration cache.
Ignored if cache is being currently loaded.
Active Zabbix proxy will connect to the Zabbix server and request configuration data.
Default configuration file (unless \fB\-c\fR option is specified) will be used to find PID file and signal will be sent to process, listed in PID file.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B snmp_cache_reload
Reload SNMP cache.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B housekeeper_execute
Execute the housekeeper.
Ignored if housekeeper is being currently executed.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
\fBdiaginfo\fR[=\fIsection\fR]
Log internal diagnostic information of the specified section. Section can be \fIhistorycache\fR, \fIpreprocessing\fR, \fIlocks\fR.
By default diagnostic information of all sections is logged.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
\fBlog_level_increase\fR[=\fItarget\fR]
Increase log level, affects all processes if target is not specified.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
\fBlog_level_decrease\fR[=\fItarget\fR]
Decrease log level, affects all processes if target is not specified.
.RE
.RE
.SS
.RS 4
Log level control targets
.RS 4
.TP 4
.I process\-type
All processes of specified type (configuration\ syncer, data\ sender, discoverer, heartbeat\ sender, history\ syncer, housekeeper, http\ poller, icmp\ pinger, ipmi\ manager, ipmi\ poller, java\ poller, poller, self\-monitoring, snmp\ trapper, task\ manager, trapper, unreachable\ poller, vmware\ collector, history\ poller, availability\ manager, odbc\ poller)
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.I process\-type,N
Process type and number (e.g., poller,3)
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.I pid
Process identifier
.RE
.RE
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display this help and exit.
.IP "\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Output version information and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/etc/zabbix_proxy.conf
Default location of Zabbix proxy configuration file (if not modified during compile time).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.UR https://www.zabbix.com/manuals
Documentation
.UE
.PP
.BR zabbix_agentd (8),
.BR zabbix_get (1),
.BR zabbix_sender (1),
.BR zabbix_server (8),
.BR zabbix_js (1),
.BR zabbix_agent2 (8),
.BR zabbix_web_service (8)
