.\" Start URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UR
.  ds m1 \\$1\"
.  nh
.  if \\n(mH \{\
.    \" Start diversion in a new environment.
.    do ev URL-div
.    do di URL-div
.  \}
..
.\" End URL macro. Copied from an-ext.tmac for portability
.de UE
.  ie \\n(mH \{\
.    br
.    di
.    ev
.
.    \" Has there been one or more input lines for the link text?
.    ie \\n(dn \{\
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">"
.      \" Yes, strip off final newline of diversion and emit it.
.      do chop URL-div
.      do URL-div
\c
.      do HTML-NS </a>
.    \}
.    el \
.      do HTML-NS "<a href=""\\*(m1"">\\*(m1</a>"
\&\\$*\"
.  \}
.  el \
\\*(la\\*(m1\\*(ra\\$*\"
.
.  hy \\n(HY
..
.TH ZABBIX_JS 1 "2022\-01\-06" Zabbix
.SH NAME
zabbix_js \- Zabbix JS utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zabbix_js \-s
.I script\-file
.B \-p
.I input\-param
.RB [ \-l
.IR log\-level ]
.RB [ \-t
.IR timeout ]
.br
.B zabbix_js \-s
.I script\-file
.B \-i
.I input\-file
.RB [ \-l
.IR log\-level ]
.RB [ \-t
.IR timeout ]
.br
.B zabbix_js \-h
.br
.B zabbix_js \-V
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B zabbix_js
is a command line utility that can be used for embedded script testing.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-script\fR \fIscript\-file\fR"
Specify the file name of the script to execute. If '-' is specified as file name, the script will be read from stdin.
.IP "\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-param\fR \fIinput\-param\fR"
Specify the input parameter.
.IP "\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-input\fR \fIinput\-file\fR"
Specify the file name of the input parameter. If '-' is specified as file name, the input will be read from stdin.
.IP "\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-loglevel\fR \fIlog\-level\fR"
Specify the log level.
.IP "\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-timeout\fR \fItimeout\fR"
Specify the timeout in seconds.
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR"
Display this help and exit.
.IP "\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR"
Output version information and exit.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
\fBzabbix_js \-s script-file.js \-p example \fR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.UR https://www.zabbix.com/manuals
Documentation
.UE
.PP
.BR zabbix_agentd (8),
.BR zabbix_proxy (8),
.BR zabbix_sender (1),
.BR zabbix_server (8),
.BR zabbix_get (1),
.BR zabbix_agent2 (8),
.BR zabbix_web_service (8)
