#LyX 1.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 218
\textclass article
\language british
\inputencoding default
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize 10
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 4
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title
\added_space_top vfill 
Zabbix Reference Manual for version 1.0 (draft v1.31)
\layout Author

ALEXEI VLADISHEV
\layout Date

07 October 2002
\layout Abstract

The document is Reference Manual for Zabbix version 1.0.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \tableofcontents{}

\end_inset 


\layout Section

Document conventions
\layout Standard

The 
\emph on 
Zabbix Manual 
\emph default 
uses the typographical conventions shown in the following table.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="2">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Convention
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
italic text
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of file or directory, emphasis
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\series bold 
bold text
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Zabbix, program names
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\noun on 
name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Names and surnames
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
email
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Email addresses
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
script
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Shell commands
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Section

General Information Zabbix
\layout Subsection

What is Zabbix
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 was created by 
\noun on 
\latex default 
Alexei Vladishev
\noun default 
\latex no_latex 
, (
\family typewriter 
\latex default 
alex@gobbo.caves.lv
\family default 
\latex no_latex 
).

\latex default 
 
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is software that monitors numerous parameters of a network and the servers
 on that network.

\latex default 
 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is a useful tool for monitoring the health and integrity of servers.

\latex default 
 
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 uses a flexible notification mechanism that allows users to configure e-mail
 based alerts for virtually any event.
 This allows a fast reaction to server problems.
 All monitored parameters are stored in a database.
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 offers excellent reporting and data visualisation features based on the
 stored data
\latex default 
.
 This makes 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 very useful for capacity planning.
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 supports both polling and trapping.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
All 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 reports and statistics, as well as configuration parameters, are accessed
 through a web-based front
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
end.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
The web-based front end means that the health of your servers can be assessed
 from any location.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Properly configured, 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 can play an important role in monitoring IT infrastructure
\latex default 
.
 This is equally true for small organisations with a few servers and for
 large companies with a multitude of servers.
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is free of cost.

\latex default 
 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
is written and distributed under the GPL General Public License which means
 that its source code is freely distributed and available for the general
 public.
\layout Subsection

What does Zabbix offer
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 offers:
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
support for both polling and trapping mechanisms
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
server software for Linux
\latex default 
, Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, FreeBSD, OpenBSD
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
agents (client software) for Linux
\latex default 
, Solaris,
\latex no_latex 
 HP-UX, AIX, FreeBSD, OpenBSD
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
secure user authorisation
\layout Itemize

flexible user permissions
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
web-based interface for viewing and configuration
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
flexible e-mail notification of predefined events
\layout Subsection

Why choose Zabbix ?
\layout Itemize

highly efficient agents
\newline 
Most of other software for monitoring does not have fast agents.
 Forks, etc, etc ...
\layout Itemize

very simple configuration
\layout Itemize

all information (configuration, gathered data) is stored in SQL database
\layout Itemize

high-level service tree
\layout Itemize

tested using regression tests
\layout Itemize

very easy setup
\layout Itemize

support of SNMP
\layout Itemize

visualisation capabilities
\layout Itemize

housekeeping procedure
\layout Itemize

very low latency (usually less than 1 second)
\layout Subsection

About this Manual
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
 ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
This manual is part of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 software.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
The latest version of the manual will always be available at
\latex default 
 
\family typewriter 

\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://zabbix.sourceforge.net}

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

Main Goals and Principles of Zabbix Development
\layout Standard

There are several goals 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is trying to achieve:
\layout Itemize

become recognised Open Source monitoring tool
\layout Itemize

create 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 user group, which helps making the software even better
\layout Standard

Main principles of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 development:
\layout Itemize

be user friendly
\layout Itemize

keep things simple
\layout Itemize

use as few resources as possible
\layout Itemize

be as fast as possible
\layout Itemize

document every single aspect of the software
\layout Section

Use of Zabbix
\layout Subsection

Perfomance Monitoring
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
One of most important uses of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is performance monitoring.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Processor load, number of running processes, number of processes, disk activity,
 status of swap space, and memory availability are some of the numerous
 system parameters 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is able to monitor.
 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 provides a system administrator with timely information about performance
 of a server.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
In addition, 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 can produce trend graphs to help identify bottlenecks in system performance.
 
\layout Subsection

Alerting Users
\layout Standard

H
\latex no_latex 
aving performance monitoring is good, but it is almost useless without a
 powerful notification mechanism.
 With 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
, an administrator can define virtually any possible condition for a trigger,
 using flexible expressions.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Any time these expressions become true
\latex default 
 (or false)
\latex no_latex 
, an alert will be emailed to any addresses defined by the administrator.

\latex default 
 
\layout Subsection

Integrity Checking
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 can easily be used for servers integrity monitoring.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
All critical configuration files, binaries, kernel, scripts, and web server
 HTML pages can be monitored by 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 so that the administrator can be alerted to modifications made to these
 files.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
For example, suppose you wish to be notified when 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/etc/passwd
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 is changed by someone.
 You define a trigger with expression 
\emph on 
\latex default 
{sourceforge.net:cksum[/etc/passwd].diff(0)}>0
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
The "
\series bold 
\latex default 
diff
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
" function is true when the current value received by 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is different than the previous value.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Therefore, this expression will be true whenever 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/etc/passwd
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 is changed.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Next, you define one or more actions that will be performed when the trigger
 is true.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Add an action to email your account, you will get email notification anytime
 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/etc/passwd
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 is changed.
\layout Subsection

Logging Services
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
All values of monitored parameters are stored in a database.
 The collected data can be used later for any purposes.
\layout Subsection


\latex no_latex 
Capacity planning
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Viewing trends of process load, disk usage, database activity, or other
 important metrics allows a system administrator to clearly see when the
 next hardware upgrade should be made.
\layout Subsection

Managing dependencies between IT resources
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

IT Services is experimental feature that should not be used in production
 systems until 
\series bold 
Zabbix 1.0beta5
\end_float 
\layout Standard

High level service tree allows create dependencies between various IT resource.
 Such representation of monitored data makes possible answers to the following
 questions:
\layout Itemize

What IT services depends on availability of resource 
\series bold 
X
\series default 
?
\layout Standard

Example: If processor load is too high on server 
\series bold 
A
\series default 
, then these IT services will be affected: Oracle server, WEB banking, Online
 transaction processing, etc.
\layout Itemize

What resources specific IT service depends on?
\layout Standard

Example: WEB portal may depend on the following resources:
\layout Enumerate

processor load on server 
\series bold 
A
\layout Enumerate

connection to ISP provider
\layout Enumerate

disk space on volume /data on server 
\series bold 
A
\layout Enumerate

availability of Oracle DB engine on server 
\series bold 
B
\layout Enumerate

speed of execution of user requests
\layout Enumerate

availability of Apache server on server 
\series bold 
C
\layout Enumerate

etc etc
\layout Standard

Such dependency tree helps identify weak points in IT infrastructure.
\layout Standard

Example: If several critical services offered by IT department depends on,
 for example, availability of disk space on some server, then it's time
 to think about distribution of the volume across different servers or disk
 arrays to eliminate possible risks.
\layout Subsection

Other
\layout Itemize

availability analysis
\layout Itemize

graphical representation of collected information
\layout Section

Installing Zabbix
\layout Subsection

How to Get Zabbix
\layout Standard

Check the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 Home Page at 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://zabbix.sourceforge.net}

\end_inset 

 for information about the current version and for downloading instructions.
\layout Subsection

Requirements
\layout Subsubsection

Supported Platforms
\layout Standard

Zabbix is tested on the following platforms: 
\layout Itemize

Linux 2.xx
\layout Itemize

Solaris 5.8
\layout Itemize

HP-UX 11.xx
\layout Itemize

AIX 4.3
\layout Itemize

FreeBSD 4.3
\layout Itemize

SCO OpenServer 5.0.5
\begin_inset Info
Add the platform to table of supported parameters. Contact Alk for more information.
\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Note that 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 may work on other Unix-like operating systems.
\layout Subsubsection

Software Requirements
\layout Standard

The following software is required to run 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
:
\layout Itemize

Apache
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://www.apache.org}

\end_inset 


\end_float 
 1.3.12 or later
\layout Itemize

MySQL 3.22 or later or - PostgreSQL 7.0.2 or later
\layout Itemize

MySQL or PostgreSQL development files (headers and libraries)
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Usually provided in mysql-dev or postgresql-dev packages.
\end_float 
\layout Itemize

PHP
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http:///www.php.net}

\end_inset 


\end_float 
 4.0 or later compiled as Apache module 
\layout Itemize

PHP4.0 GD module (for PNG images)
\layout Itemize

PHP4.0 MySQL or PostgreSQL module
\layout Itemize

GNU Make
\layout Itemize

WEB browser on client side (support for HTML and PNG images required).
 MS Explorer (5.xx and 6.xx), Mozilla 1.x and Netscape 4.7x work perfectly.
 Note that cookies must be enabled.
\layout Itemize

UCD-SNMP library and header files.
 Required for support of SNMP agents.
 
\emph on 
Optional
\emph default 
.
\layout Subsubsection

Required software considerations
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 may work on previous versions of Apache, MySQL, PostgreSQL as well.
 It has been tried on PostgreSQL 6.5x with no luck.
 PostgreSQL crashes after one to three minutes of 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 running.
 So, if using PostgreSQL, version 7.0.2 or later is 
\emph on 
strongly
\emph default 
 recommended.
\layout Standard


\lang english
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\series bold 
PostgreSQL vs MySQL
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Regarding the choice between PostgreSQL and MySQL, MySQL is recommended
 for several reasons:
\layout Itemize

recent benchmarks using 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 clearly show that PostgreSQL (7.1.x) is at least 10 times slower than MySQL
 (3.23.29)
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

These results are predictable.
 Zabbix mainly uses simple SQL statements like single row INSERT, UPDATE,
 and simple SELECT operators.
 In such environment, use of advanced SQL engine (like PostgreSQL) is overkill.
\end_float 
\layout Itemize

no need to constantly run command "
\family typewriter 
\emph on 
vacuum
\family default 
\emph default 
" MySQL
\layout Standard

MySQL MyISAM table is not a best choice because of lack of row-level locking.
 So, InnoDB is recommended.
 For more information about MySQL see 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \cite{key-1}

\end_inset 

.
\newline 

\layout Standard

If you do use PostgreSQL, 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 will periodically (defined in 
\emph on 
HousekeepingFrequency
\emph default 
) execute command 
\family typewriter 
\emph on 
vacuum analyze.

\family default 
\emph default 
 
\newline 

\newline 
For more information about PostgreSQL see 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \cite{key-2}

\end_inset 

.
\layout Subsubsection

Memory Requirements
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 requires both physical and disk memory.
 32 Mb of physical memory and 20 Mb of free disk memory could be good starting
 point.
 However, the amount of required disk memory obviously depends on the number
 of hosts and parameters that are being monitored.
 If you're planning to keep a long history of monitored parameters, you
 should be thinking of at least a couple of gigabytes to have enough space
 to store the history in the database.
\layout Standard

Each 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
daemon process required one connection to a database server.
 Amount of memory allocated for the connection depends on configuration
 of the database engine.
 Note that 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
 can be configured so that connection to the database will only be made
 during process of new value.
 See description of parameter 
\emph on 
DBConnectOnEach.
\layout Standard

Remember, the more physical memory you have, the faster the database (and
 therefore 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
) works!
\layout Subsubsection

Time synchronisation
\layout Standard

It is very important to have precise system date on server with Zabbix running.
 
\emph on 
timed 
\emph default 
is one of most popular daemons that synchronises the host's time with the
 time of other machines.
\layout Subsection

Structure of Zabbix distribution
\begin_inset Info
More details.
\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Zabbix distribution
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
doc
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~
The directory contains this 
\emph on 
Manual 
\emph default 
in different formats
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
src
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
include
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
misc
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~
-
\emph on 
misc/init.d
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~
The directory contains startup scripts.
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
frontends
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
create
\layout Standard

- 
\emph on 
upgrades
\layout Subsection

Installation procedure
\layout Standard

Basic installation of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 usually takes no more than 15 minutes.
\layout Subsubsection

Server side
\layout Enumerate

Create the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 superuser account.
\newline 
This is the user the server will run as.
 For production use you should create a dedicated unprivileged account ("
\emph on 
zabbix
\emph default 
" is commonly used).
 Running 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 as "root," "bin," or any other account with special rights is a security
 risk.
 Do not do it!
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Zabbix daemon processes (
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 and 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
) are protected from being run under root account.
\end_float 
\layout Enumerate

Untar 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 sources.
\newline 
On Linux, use command
\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 
tar -xvzf <zabbix.tar.gz
\family default 
\emph default 
>
\newline 

\newline 
On other systems, try
\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 
gunzip zabbix.tar.gz; tar -xvf zabbix.tar
\layout Enumerate

Create the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 database.
\newline 

\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 comes with SQL scripts used to create the required database schema and
 also to insert a default configuration.
 There are separate scripts for MySQL and PostgreSQL.
 
\newline 

\newline 
For MySQL:
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

In order to use InnoDB type of table, schema.sql should be manually modified.
 Each table definition should be in form 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

create table <table name> (<table definition>) type=InnoDB
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

.
\end_float 
 
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
mysql -u<username> -p<password> 
\newline 
>create database zabbix; 
\newline 
>quit; 
\newline 
cd create/mysql 
\newline 
cat schema.sql |mysql zabbix -u<username> -p<password> 
\newline 
cd create/data 
\newline 
cat data.sql |mysql zabbix -u<username> -p<password> 
\family default 
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
For PostgreSQL:
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
psql -U <username> 
\newline 
> create database zabbix; 
\newline 
> 
\backslash 
q 
\newline 
cd create/postgresql 
\newline 
cat schema.sql|psql -U <username> zabbix 
\newline 
cd create/data 
\newline 
cat data.sql|psql -U <username> zabbix
\layout Enumerate

Configure and compile the source code for your system
\newline 
The sources must be compiled for both the server (monitoring machine) as
 well as the clients (monitored machines).
 
\newline 
To configure the source for the server, you must specify which database
 will be used.
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
./configure --with-mysql # for MySQL
\family default 
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
or 
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
./configure --with-pgsql # for PostgreSQL mak
\family default 
e 
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Use flag --enable-static to statically link libraries.
 If you plan to distribute compiled binaries among different servers, you
 must use this flag to make these binaries work without required libraries.
\end_float 

\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 

\emph default 
However, if you want to compile client binaries only, run:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
./configure 
\newline 

\family default 
\emph default 

\newline 
Parameter
\emph on 
 --enable-static
\emph default 
 may be used to force static linkage.
\newline 

\newline 
Make everything:
\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 
make
\family default 

\newline 

\emph default 

\newline 
Copy created binaries from 
\emph on 
bin/
\emph default 
 to 
\emph on 
/opt/zabbix/bin
\emph default 
 or any other directory 
\newline 
Other common directories are 
\emph on 
/usr/local/bin
\emph default 
 or 
\emph on 
/usr/local/zabbix/bin.
 
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/services
\newline 

\emph default 
The step is not real requirement.
 However, it is recommended.
 On the client (monitored) machines, add the following lines to 
\emph on 
/etc/services
\emph default 
:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
zabbix_agent 10000/tcp
\newline 
zabbix_trap 10001/tcp
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/inetd.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
If you are going to use non-daemon versions of Zabbix trapper, add the following
 line to 
\emph on 
/etc/inetd.conf
\emph default 
:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
zabbix_trap stream tcp nowait.3600 zabbix /opt/zabbix/bin/zabbix_trapper
\family default 

\newline 

\emph default 

\newline 
If you plan to use 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
 instead of the recommended 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
, the following line must be added:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
zabbix_agent stream tcp nowait.3600 zabbix /opt/zabbix/bin/zabbix_agent
\layout Enumerate

Restart 
\series bold 
inetd
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\series default 
\emph on 

\newline 
killall -HUP inetd
\layout Enumerate

Configure WEB interface
\newline 
As user zabbix (or whatever you decided to name your dedicated 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 account), do the following:
\newline 
Change these values in 
\emph on 
frontends/php/include/db.inc
\emph default 
: 
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
$DB_TYPE ="POSTGRESQL"; /* Or "MYSQL" for MySQL */ 
\newline 
$DB_SERVER ="localhost"; 
\newline 
$DB_DATABASE ="zabbix"; 
\newline 
$DB_USER =""; 
\newline 
$DB_PWD =""
\family default 
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
Copy the PHP source files to a place where your web server can get to it.
 Perhaps 
\emph on 
/home/zabbix/html
\emph default 
 or 
\emph on 
/home/zabbix/public_html
\emph default 
 or 
\emph on 
/var/www/html/zabbix
\emph default 
, etc.
 For example, 
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
mkdir /home/zabbix/html 
\newline 
cp -R frontends/php/* 
\newline 
/home/zabbix/html/
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agent.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
You need to configure this file for every host having 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
 installed.
 The file should contain IP address of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server.
 Connections from other hosts will be denied.
\newline 
You may take 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agent.conf
\emph default 
 as example.
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agentd.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
You need to configure this file for every host having 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 installed.
 The file should contain IP address of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server.
 Connections from other hosts will be denied.
 
\newline 
You may take 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agentd.conf
\emph default 
 as example.
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_suckerd.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
For small installations (five monitored hosts), default parameters are fine.
 However, you should change default parameters to get maximum performance
 from 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
.
 See section 
\emph on 

\begin_inset LatexCommand \vref{Performance tuning}

\end_inset 


\emph default 
 for more details.
 
\newline 
You may take 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_suckerd.conf 
\emph default 
as example.
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_trapperd.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
For small installations (up to ten monitored hosts), default parameters
 are fine.
 However, you should change default parameters to get maximum performance
 from 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
.
 See section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \vref{Performance tuning}

\end_inset 

 for more details.
 
\newline 
You may take 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_trapperd.conf 
\emph default 
as example.
\layout Enumerate

Initial Configuration
\newline 
Once your 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 installation is complete, you will need to configure 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
.
 Point your web browser to the location you installed the PHP scripts to.
 (For example, if you copied the PHP files to 
\emph on 
/home/zabbix/public_html
\emph default 
 or 
\emph on 
/home/zabbix/html
\emph default 
, point your browser to 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://localhost/~zabbix}

\end_inset 

)
\newline 
Once there, click on the CONFIG link.
 You will be prompted for a username and password.
 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 comes pre-configured with an administrative account: Enter the username
 'Admin' and leave the password field empty.
 
\newline 
Add the configuration of your SMTP server of choice.
\newline 
Next, click on the "USERS" link.
 Add yourself to list of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 users.
 Don't forget to add 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

read/write
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

add
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

 default permissions to the user.
 After you create your account, click the "Media" link beside your account
 listing, and add your email address.
\newline 
Next, delete the default Admin user or specify password.
\newline 
Click on the 'HOSTS' link to add new hosts to be monitored.
 For each host you add, be sure that you've installed the agent software
 on the host.
 If you have not yet done this, set the status to "Not monitored".
 When a host is added, a list of all possible parameters for the host will
 be automatically added.
\newline 
After you've added your desired hosts, click on the "ITEMS" link to modify
 the details of the monitored parameters.
 You may disable or delete monitored parameters or change how often the
 parameters are checked.
 
\newline 
Next, click on the 'TRIGGERS' link to change the triggers relating to monitored
 parameters.
 You can change threshold values, disable or delete triggers, and set up
 actions (email notification).
 
\newline 
When you set up an email notification, you may modify the subject and message
 body as you wish.
 You can use macros in both email subject and email body.
 For example, the subject for a warning message could look like:
\newline 

\newline 

\emph on 
Processor load on www.sf.net is {www.sf.net:system[procload].last(0)}
\newline 

\newline 

\emph default 
In this case, you will receive message with subject like 
\emph on 
"Processor load on www.sf.net is 0.85"
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
Click on the "MAPS" link to set up a network map.
 A map will help you quickly identify any problems with your monitored machines.
 
\newline 
Finally, click on the "GRAPHS" link to set up a graph.
 A graph provides quick historical statistics on one or more monitored statistic
s.
\newline 
Once you have an initial configuration created, run 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 on the server machine:
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
/opt/zabbix/bin/zabbix_suckerd
\family default 

\newline 

\newline 

\emph default 
and run 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 on all monitored machines 
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
/opt/zabbix/bin/zabbix_agentd
\family default 

\newline 

\newline 

\emph default 
You 
\emph on 
should
\emph default 
 not run 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 if you have chosen to use 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
!
\layout Subsubsection

Client side
\layout Enumerate

Create the Zabbix account.
\newline 
This is the user the agent will run as.
 For production use you should create a dedicated unprivileged account ("zabbix"
 is commonly used).
 Zabbix agents has protection against running under 
\emph on 
root
\emph default 
 account.
\layout Enumerate

Untar 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 sources.
\newline 
On Linux, use command 
\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 
tar -xvzf <zabbix.tar.gz>
\family default 
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
On other systems, try 
\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 
gunzip zabbix.tar.gz; tar xvf zabbix.tar
\layout Enumerate

Configure and compile the source code for your system
\newline 
The sources must be compiled for the client only.
\newline 
To configure the source for the client:
\newline 
You want to compile client binaries only:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
./configure
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Use flag --enable-static to statically link libraries.
 If you plan to distribute compiled binaries among different servers, you
 must use this flag to make these binaries work without required libraries.
\end_float 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 

\newline 

\family default 
\emph default 
Parameter 
\emph on 
--enable-static
\emph default 
 may be used to force static linkage.
\newline 

\newline 
Build agent:
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
make
\family default 
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
Copy created binaries from bin/ to /opt/zabbix/bin or any other directory
 
\newline 
Other common directories are /usr/local/bin or /usr/local/zabbix/bin.
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/services
\newline 

\emph default 
The step is not real requirement.
 However, it is recommended.
 On the client (monitored) machines, add the following lines to 
\emph on 
/etc/services
\emph default 
:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
zabbix_agent 10000/tcp 
\newline 
zabbix_trap 10001/tcp 
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/inetd.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
 If you plan to use 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
 instead of the 
\emph on 
recommended
\emph default 
 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
, the following line must be added:
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 

\newline 
zabbix_agent stream tcp nowait.3600 zabbix /opt/zabbix/bin/zabbix_agent
\layout Enumerate

Restart 
\series bold 
inetd
\newline 

\family typewriter 
\series default 
\emph on 

\newline 
killall -HUP inetd
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agent.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
You need to configure this file for every host having 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
 installed.
 The file should contain IP address of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server.
 Connections from other hosts will be denied.
 
\emph on 
Note
\emph default 
, that no end of line character should present in the file.
\newline 
You may take 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agent.conf
\emph default 
 as example.
\layout Enumerate

Configure 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agentd.conf
\newline 

\emph default 
You need to configure this file for every host having 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 installed.
 The file should contain IP address of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server.
 Connections from other hosts will be denied.
 You may take 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agentd.conf
\emph default 
 as example.
\layout Enumerate

Run 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 on all monitored machines 
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
/opt/zabbix/bin/zabbix_agentd
\family default 

\newline 

\newline 

\emph default 
Not that you 
\emph on 
should not
\emph default 
 run 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 if you have chosen to use 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
!
\layout Subsection

Development Environment 
\layout Standard

Debian Potato Linux and Debian Woody Linux (both on Intel hardware) are
 used as primary development platform for 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
.
 It means that if you have difficulties choosing between Linux and other
 OS, go for Debian Linux
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://www.debian.org}

\end_inset 


\end_float 
 - you will get better support.
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 1.0beta4 was developed and tested on FreeBSD 4.4.
 Thus, FreeBSD
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://www.freebsd.org}

\end_inset 


\end_float 
 is also safe choice.
\layout Subsection

Platform specific notes
\layout Subsubsection

FreeBSD
\layout Standard

Default FreeBSD settings cannot handle amount of TCP connections 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is able to generate.
 To solve this issue, define 
\emph on 
NoTimeWait 
\emph default 
parameter in both 
\emph on 
zabbix_suckerd.conf
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
zabbix_trapperd.conf
\emph default 
.
 This will greatly decrease number of sockets in TIME_WAIT state.
 
\layout Section

Upgrading
\layout Standard

The upgrade procedure is quite simple.
 New binaries and frontend should be installed according to latest installation
 instructions.
 In order to update database structure, the following steps should be performed.
 Note that before applying database patches, all 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 processes must be stopped.
 Also, the process can take from 0 seconds (if no patches required) up to
 several hours.
 For production installations database backup is required !
\layout Subsection

General Procedure
\layout Standard

Go to the 
\shape italic 
upgrades/dbpatches
\shape default 
 directory.
 In this directory are subdirectories named according to a version upgrade
 (e.g.
 
\shape italic 
1.0beta3_to_1.0beta
\shape default 
4).
 Enter the directory corresponding to your upgrade (if you are upgrading
 through multiple versions, you will need to apply the upgrades one at a
 time).
 Depending on which database you use:
\newline 

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
cd mysql; cat patch.sql |mysql zabbix -u<username> -p<password>
\newline 

\layout Standard

or
\newline 

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
cd postgresql; cat patch.sql|psql -U <username> zabbix
\newline 

\layout Standard

Finally, read version specific notes below for any extra procedures and
 useful information.
\layout Subsection

Zabbix releases
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0alpha8
\layout Itemize

Note that 
\series bold 
zabbix_sucker
\series default 
 has been renamed to 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
.
\layout Itemize

Replace 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
 with 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
.
 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 runs much faster than the 'old' 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
.
 Moreover, if you do not run inetd, 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 is the only choice.
\layout Itemize

PostgreSQL does not support modifying the structure of table fields.
 Therefore, please change the definition of the following fields (MySQL
 code):
\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph on 
alter table users modify passwd char(32) default '' not null;
\newline 
alter table actions modify message text default '' not null;
\newline 
alter table alerts modify message text default '' not null;
\layout Itemize

Try to use IP addresses in host definitions.
 This unloads DNS and makes 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 faster.
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0alpha9
\layout Itemize

Don't forget to apply DB patches.
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0alpha10
\layout Itemize

Don't forget to apply DB patches.
\layout Itemize

Note that parameters 
\series bold 
net[listen_*]
\series default 
 will be replaced by 
\series bold 
check_service[*]
\series default 
 (for example, 
\series bold 
net[listen_25]
\series default 
 -> 
\series bold 
check_service[smtp]
\series default 
).
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0alpha11
\layout Itemize

Do not forget to apply DB patches.
\layout Itemize

PostgreSQL users: Please delete the column "triggers.lastcheck" manually
 by reloading whole table.
 Unfortunately, PostgreSQL does not support 
\emph on 
"alter table triggers drop lastcheck"
\emph default 
.
\layout Itemize

New set of parameters appeared in this release: 
\series bold 
proc_cnt[*]
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Parameter 
\series bold 
tcp_count
\series default 
 is not supported anymore.
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0alpha12
\layout Itemize

Do not forget to apply DB patches
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Parameter cksum[
\series bold 
/etc/inetd.conf
\series default 
] is not supported.
 This is because of character '.' in argument.
 This will be fixed in next versions of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
.
\layout Itemize

Note that character '-' can be used in host names
\layout Itemize

Note that if parameter is defined as 
\series bold 
parameter[*]
\series default 
, you can pass any string as 
\series bold 
'*'
\series default 
.
\layout Itemize

Note that new parameter 
\series bold 
check_port[*]
\series default 
 added.
 
\series bold 
'*'
\series default 
 is any port number.
\layout Itemize

Note that new operator 
\series bold 
'='
\series default 
 added.
\layout Itemize

Note that 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 manual will be distributed in the following formats: LyX, PS, PDF and plain
 text.
\layout Itemize

Note that in case of network problems (DNS failure, broken connection, etc)
 zabbix_suckerd will wait 120 seconds (defined in 
\shape italic 
include/common.h
\shape default 
) before requesting same parameter next time.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 1.0alpha12 is latest alpha version.
 Next 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 version will be called 1.0beta1.
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta1
\layout Itemize

Do not forget to apply DB patches
\layout Itemize

Added select criteria to form 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Status of Triggers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 


\layout Itemize

Added audible notification to form 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Status of Triggers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 


\layout Itemize

Added sort criteria for sorting at some forms
\layout Itemize

Character 
\emph on 
'.' 
\emph default 
can be used in definition of monitored parameters
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Algorithm for unreachable hosts changed.
 In case of network problems host will be disabled for the next 60 seconds
 (defined in 
\shape italic 
include/common.h
\shape default 
).
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Name and format of configuration files for 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent(d)
\series default 
 have been changed.
 See 
\shape italic 
misc/conf/zabbix_agentd.conf
\shape default 
 and 
\shape italic 
isc/conf/zabbix_agent.conf
\shape default 
 for examples.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Configuration files added for all 
\series bold 
Zabix
\series default 
 processes.
 See 
\emph on 
misc/conf/ 
\emph default 
for examples.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Default number of forked 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 was changed to 5.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Default number of forked 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
 was changed to 5.
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta2
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 All *html documents were renamed to *.php
\layout Itemize

No DB patches need to be applied
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta3
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Do not forget to apply DB patches.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added support for non-numeric values.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added support for non-syslog logging.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Changed definition of parameter DebugLevel!
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 New improved algorithm of audible notification.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added support for flexible permissions.
\layout Itemize

Added new parameters: check_service[http],system[uname],system[hostname],version
[zabbix_agent]
\layout Itemize

diskfree[*] will return free disk space in Kb
\layout Itemize

Added support for system[uptime],kern[maxfiles],kern[maxproc] of FreeBSD
\layout Itemize

zabbix_trapperd cannot be ran as root
\layout Itemize

IP address can be used for SNMP-enabled hosts
\layout Itemize

New configuration file parameters: Timeout, LogFile, NoTimeWait,PidFile,DBConnec
tOnEach
\layout Itemize

Already existing host can be used as a template for new one
\layout Itemize

Added time legend for simple graph
\layout Itemize

Added support for inverse select in form 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Status of Triggers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 


\layout Itemize

Parameter Server is comma-delimited list of Zabbix servers
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta4
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Do not forget to apply DB patches
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 If you have parameter 
\emph on 
StartSuckers
\emph default 
 equal to 2, increase it to 3.
 That is minimum value now.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added true availability checking.
 When 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is not running, status of all triggers is set to UNKNOWN.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added special parameter, 
\emph on 
status
\emph default 
, that can be used for monitoring situations when a host goes down.
 Add this parameter to all hosts being monitored.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added check of source IP address for trapped parameters.See Item definition
 screen.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Housekeeping period is set in days instead of seconds for monitored parameters,
 alarms, and alerts.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Changed authorisation mechanism.
 Default user 
\emph on 
guest
\emph default 
 introduced.
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Unreachable parameters will not be shown in the Queue.
\layout Itemize

Added parameter 
\emph on 
--enable-static
\emph default 
 for 
\emph on 
./configure
\layout Itemize

Enhancement of 
\emph on 
check_service[service<,port>]
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
UserParameter
\emph default 
 can return non-numerci parameters
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
doc/manual.lyx
\emph default 
 excluded from 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 distribution
\layout Itemize

Parameter 
\emph on 
DisableHousekeeping
\emph default 
 for 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\layout Itemize

improvements in SNMP handling
\layout Itemize

supports for non-numeric SNMP values
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
can be compiled by standard Unix compiler (CC)
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta5
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Do not forget to apply DB patches
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Layout and color schema of all graphs is changed
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Added support for operators /,*,+, and - in trigger expressions
\layout Itemize

Configuration file parameter 
\emph on 
DBHost 
\emph default 
can be used to define database host name
\layout Itemize

New parameter - 
\emph on 
disktotal[*]
\layout Itemize

New parameter - 
\emph on 
inodetotal[*]
\layout Itemize

Host selection for availability report
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta6
\layout Itemize

IMPORTANT.
 Minimum number of 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 is 4
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\series bold 
check_service(service,ip,port)
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\series bold 
check_port(ip,port)
\layout Itemize

changes in email sending routines
\layout Itemize

status will be changed to UNCREACHABLE only in case of three network errors
\layout Itemize

support for parameters 
\series bold 
netloadin[*]
\series default 
 and 
\series bold 
netloadout[*]
\layout Itemize

fixed permission check for all forms and graphics
\layout Itemize

priority was renamed to Severity
\layout Itemize

added graph to availability report
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
register_globals
\emph default 
 can be set to 
\emph on 
off
\emph default 
 in 
\emph on 
php.ini
\layout Itemize

new table 
\emph on 
service_alarms
\layout Itemize

support for function 
\emph on 
nodata()
\layout Itemize

support for function 
\emph on 
str()
\layout Itemize

additional colors for graphs
\layout Itemize

status of a trigger will blink if it was changes during last 300 seconds
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
misc/init.d/debian/zabbix-[suckerd|trapperd]
\layout Itemize

support for SCO OpenServer
\layout Itemize

reason of problem in screen IT Services
\layout Itemize

added availbality graph for IT Services
\layout Subsection

ChangeLog
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta4
\layout Itemize

initial support for service tree
\layout Itemize

vacuuming is made as part of housekeeping process for PostgreSQL
\layout Itemize

many improvements for PostgreSQL support
\layout Itemize

added item which reflects host status (0-normal,2-unreachable)
\layout Itemize

fixed function apply_actions()
\layout Itemize

added Next100 and Prev100 for alerts and alarms
\layout Itemize

check permissions for Availability report
\layout Itemize

added parameter SenderFrequency to 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 configuration file
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
frontends/include/defines.inc.php
\layout Itemize

added column s
\emph on 
ervices.algorithm
\layout Itemize

list of test cases added to the Manual
\layout Itemize

emails to be sent in case of TRUE-UNKNOWN-FALSE and v.s.
\layout Itemize

one 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 to send alerts
\layout Itemize

minimum number of 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 StartSuckers is set to 3
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
alerts.retries
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
alerts.status
\layout Itemize

status of triggers changes if host/item status has been changed
\layout Itemize

status of triggers is set correctly even if 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is restarted
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
php/include/*inc
\emph default 
 renamed to 
\emph on 
php/include/*inc.php
\layout Itemize

check of source IP address for trapped values
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
include/security.h
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
include/security.c
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
items.trapper_hosts
\layout Itemize

housekeeping period for items to be set in days
\layout Itemize

authorisation without user name/password
\layout Itemize

default user "
\emph on 
guest
\emph default 
"
\layout Itemize

added table '
\emph on 
sessions
\emph default 
'
\layout Itemize

added index 
\emph on 
triggers.value
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
trigger.status
\layout Itemize

added column 
\emph on 
alarms.value
\layout Itemize

removed column 
\emph on 
alarms.istrue
\layout Itemize

added columns 
\emph on 
triggers.status
\layout Itemize

added columns 
\emph on 
triggers.value
\layout Itemize

removed column 
\emph on 
triggers.istrue
\layout Itemize

support for 
\emph on 
--enable-static
\emph default 
 for 
\emph on 
./configure
\layout Itemize

housekeeping period for alarms and alerts to be set in days
\layout Itemize

created directory 
\emph on 
upgrades/dbpatches/1.0beta3_to_1.0beta4
\layout Itemize

more anvanced algorithm for updating 
\emph on 
disable_until
\emph default 
 field
\layout Itemize

problem with "Lost connection to DB" solved
\layout Itemize

function 
\emph on 
DBis_empty()
\emph default 
, code cleanup
\layout Itemize

unreachable parameters will not be shown in Queue
\layout Itemize

support for 
\emph on 
check_service[service,port]
\layout Itemize

advanced change of host status in 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\layout Itemize

added support of 
\emph on 
UserParameter
\emph default 
(s) returning non-numeric values
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
doc/manual.lyx
\emph default 
 will not be included in 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 release
\layout Itemize

chnages to make 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 compile in non-GCC environments
\layout Itemize

unreachable hosts will be clickable in system maps
\layout Itemize

fixed double posting of the same trigger status into alarms
\layout Itemize

fixed macros substitution in email alerts
\layout Itemize

removed option 
\emph on 
-Wall
\emph default 
 from all Makefiles
\layout Itemize

removed "//" comments from Zabbix code
\layout Itemize

disabled experimental code by commenting 
\emph on 
#define PERF 
\layout Itemize

improvements in SNMP handling for 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\layout Itemize

fixed check for SNMP library in configure.in
\layout Itemize

template host set to empty in Host definition form
\layout Itemize

support for 
\emph on 
DisableHousekeeping
\emph default 
 for 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\layout Itemize

protection from 
\emph on 
items.delay
\emph default 
 set to 
\emph on 
0
\layout Itemize

values provided by an agent can be less than zero
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta5
\layout Itemize

added parameter 
\emph on 
DBHost
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
upgrades/dbpatches/1.0beta4_to_1.0beta5/
\emph default 
 with patches
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\emph on 
disktotal[*]
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\emph on 
inodetotal[*]
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\emph on 
*
\emph default 
,
\emph on 
/
\emph default 
,
\emph on 
+
\emph default 
, and 
\emph on 
-
\emph default 
 in trigger expressions
\layout Itemize

update item status to UNSUPPORTED in case if SNMP support was not included
 into 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
mysql_init()
\emph default 
 to 
\emph on 
DBconnect()
\layout Itemize

fixed Next100 and Prev100 for case if some hosts are hidden
\layout Itemize

added select for latest values 
\layout Itemize

delete related services if trigger is deleted
\layout Itemize

fixed problem with substitution of macros for messages
\layout Itemize

eliminated 
\emph on 
DBis_empty()
\emph default 
 by replacing to 
\emph on 
DBnum_rows()
\layout Itemize

MAX_STRING_LEN increased to 4096
\layout Itemize

fixed 
\emph on 
zabbix_log()
\emph default 
.
 Possible coredump if data contains %s, etc
\layout Itemize

changed grid size for all graphs
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
frontends/php/compare.php
\layout Itemize

redesigned all graphs (changed colors, etc)
\layout Itemize

host selection for availability report
\layout Itemize

more fixes to 
\emph on 
send_email()
\layout Itemize

fixed crash in case if MySQL server gone (support for signal PIPE).
 Thanks to Arturs.
\layout Itemize

fixed duplicate triggers in Availability Report
\layout Itemize

fixed division by zero in Availability Report
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
frontends/php/chart3.php
\layout Itemize

small fix for form "Configuration of network map"
\layout Itemize

for host templates, %s can be used in trigger description to be substituted
 with new host name
\layout Itemize

empty result for 
\emph on 
DBselect()
\emph default 
 is always checked
\layout Itemize

fixed 
\emph on 
send_email()
\emph default 
.
 According to RFC, DATA should be sent with followed EOL
\layout Itemize

fixed memory leak in 
\emph on 
main_alerter_loop()
\emph default 
.
 Added 
\emph on 
DBfree_result()
\emph default 
.
\layout Itemize

fixed missing close of socket in case if connection to SMTP server is rejected
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix 1.0beta6
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\emph on 
check_service(service,ip,port)
\layout Itemize

added support for 
\emph on 
check_port(ip,port)
\layout Itemize

fixed 
\emph on 
check_right()
\emph default 
.
 Thanks to Daniel Higgins.
\layout Itemize

more changes to 
\emph on 
send_email()
\emph default 
.
 Thanks to Daniel Higgins.
\layout Itemize

added file 
\emph on 
TODO
\layout Itemize

status will be changed to UNCREACHABLE only in case of three network errors
\layout Itemize

added column 
\emph on 
hosts.network_errors
\layout Itemize

support for parameters 
\series bold 
netloadin[*]
\series default 
 and 
\series bold 
netloadout[*]
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
src/zabbix_agent/stats.c
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
stats.h
\layout Itemize

availability graph for IT Services
\layout Itemize

improvement in user rights handling routines
\layout Itemize

if trigger status is UNKNOWN, set 
\emph on 
function.lastvalue
\emph default 
 to NULL
\layout Itemize

fixed permission check for all 
\emph on 
*.php
\layout Itemize

Priority was renamed to Severity
\layout Itemize

added availability graph for IT Services
\layout Itemize

if trigger status is UNKNOWN, set function.lastvalue to NULL
\layout Itemize

fixed permission check for all *.php
\layout Itemize

Priority was renamed to Severity
\layout Itemize

added graph to availability report
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
frontends/php/chart4.php
\layout Itemize

availability report will not show trigger expressions
\layout Itemize

added creation of table 
\emph on 
sessions
\emph default 
 to migration scripts for 1.0beta4
\layout Itemize

no dependency on 
\emph on 
register_globals
\emph default 
 in 
\emph on 
php.ini
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 to write "
\emph on 
Connection reset by peer
\emph default 
" to 
\emph on 
LogFile
\layout Itemize


\emph on 

\backslash 
n
\emph default 
 change to 
\emph on 

\backslash 
r
\backslash 
n
\emph default 
 in 
\emph on 
send_email()
\layout Itemize

added table 
\emph on 
service_alarms
\layout Itemize

fixed problem with parsing of trigger expressions.
 
\emph on 
[.-.]
\emph default 
 changed to 
\emph on 
-
\layout Itemize

support for function 
\emph on 
nodata()
\emph default 
 added
\layout Itemize

minimum number of 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 that can be started is 4
\layout Itemize

simplified function 
\series bold 
update_triggers()
\layout Itemize

fixed situation when a Service is linked to a trigger.
 Service name is correct now.
\layout Itemize

support for new trigger function 
\emph on 
str()
\layout Itemize

changed type of 
\emph on 
functions.parameter
\emph default 
 to 
\emph on 
varchar(255)
\layout Itemize

additional colors for graphs
\layout Itemize

in 
\emph on 
chart3.php
\emph default 
: 
\emph on 
group by <complex expression>
\emph default 
 changed to 
\emph on 
group by 1
\layout Itemize

added housekeeping procedure for table 
\emph on 
sessions
\layout Itemize

changed 
\emph on 
width=
\backslash 
"X%
\backslash 
"
\emph default 
 to 
\emph on 
width=X%
\emph default 
 in 
\emph on 
*.php
\layout Itemize

status of a trigger will blink if it was changes during last 300 seconds
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 daemons to update 
\emph on 
triggers.lastchange
\emph default 
 when 
\emph on 
triggers.value
\emph default 
 is changed
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
misc/init.d/debian/zabbix-[suckerd|trapperd]
\layout Itemize

removed 
\emph on 
misc/init.d/debian/zabbix-server
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
send_email()
\emph default 
 will timeout after 10 seconds
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
DBadd_alarm()
\emph default 
 renamed to 
\emph on 
add_alarm()
\layout Itemize

support for SCO OpenServer.
 Thanks to Alexender Kirhenstein.
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
./configure
\emph default 
 will correctly define 
\emph on 
socklen_t
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
<center>
\emph default 
 changed to 
\emph on 
<div align=center>
\layout Itemize

reason of problem in screen IT Services
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
frontends/php/helpdesk.php
\layout Itemize

added "
\emph on 
...#form
\emph default 
" to button Change in form Configuration of Users
\layout Itemize

"
\emph on 
Just for information
\emph default 
" changed to "
\emph on 
Information
\emph default 
"
\layout Itemize

fixed 
\emph on 
./configure
\emph default 
 to correctly find zlib
\layout Itemize

housekeeping to delete no more than 
\emph on 
HousekeepingFrequency*3600
\emph default 
 records from table 
\emph on 
history
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
history_str
\emph default 
 at once (MySQL only)
\layout Itemize

changed definition of 
\emph on 
functions.lastvalue
\emph default 
 to allow NULL
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
upgrades/dbpatches/1.0beta5_to_1.0beta6/
\emph default 
 with patches
\layout Itemize

added 
\emph on 
misc/init.d/debian/zabbix_agent
\layout Section

Zabbix Architecture
\layout Subsection

Overview
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is structured in a client-server architecture.
 
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is capable of running in either standalone or inetd execution mode.
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

The standalone method is the recommended approach.
\end_float 
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

The 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server processes can be run in a polling or listening configuration or
 both.
 These methods differ in the approach that they utilise and affect what
 processes must be run.
 In the Server Polling Method the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 Server polls established 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 clients (preferred.) In the Server Listen Method the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server awaits connections from active 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 clients.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server processes consist of a standalone process used for the Server Polling
 Mode (
\series bold 
zabbix_suckderd
\series default 
) and a 
\emph on 
choice
\emph default 
 of standalone or inetd processes for the Server Listen Method (
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
 or 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapper.)
\layout Standard


\series bold 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 agents (clients) consist of a 
\emph on 
choice
\emph default 
 of standalone or inetd processes for the Server Polling Method and a standalone
 process for the Server Listen Method (There is no inetd process for the
 Server Listen Method because when using that method the client must initiate
 the connection.) 
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

If the server is used in the Server Polling Mode then the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 listening client is used (
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 or 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
), this client awaits connections 
\emph on 
from
\emph default 
 the server.
 If the server is used in the Server Listen Mode then the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 active client is used (
\series bold 
zabbix_sende
\series default 
r), this client initiates connections 
\emph on 
to
\emph default 
 the server.
 
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is written in C.
 WEB frontend is written in PHP.
\layout Subsection

Server Approach Modes
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 supports two methods of server role activity.
 The server may be used in a polling mode (Server Polling Method) or the
 server may be using in a listening mode (Server Listen Method) or both.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

These methods are not mutually exclusive and can be used in conjunction.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

The standard method utilised is the Server Polling Method in most instances.
 In this method the server is setup and configured to be aware of clients
 and then the server polls the clients at defined intervals.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

The additional Server Active Method can also be used.
 This is generally used in a complimentary fashion to have clients send
 information to the server on a predetermined basis as defined by the administra
tor.
 For example, the Server Listen Method can be used to have a client machine
 send information to the server when a backup process has begun and again
 when it has ended.
 In this manner the client dictates the interval of the information and
 sends information when specified events occur rather than the server requesting
 information at specified intervals.
\layout Subsubsection

Server Polling Method (Server connects to Client)
\layout Standard

In this method the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server (
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 or z
\series bold 
abbix_sucker
\series default 
) initiates connections to a client agent placed on the monitored host (
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
 or 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
) on a periodic basis.
 The server requests specific information (processor load, free memory,
 available inodes, etc, whatever is being monitored.) The client provides
 the server with the requested information and the server, in turn, stores
 the received values in the database.
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

In this case the traditional sense of client is turned around.
 The client is actually the server.
 That is to say that the connection is made 
\emph on 
from
\emph default 
 the main 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server (
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
) 
\emph on 
to
\emph default 
 the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 client (
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
), and therefore the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 client is acting like a traditional server and listening for connections
 and responding; and the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server is actually acting as a traditional client and initiating a connection.
\end_float 
 
\layout Subsubsection

Server Listen Method (Client connects to Server)
\layout Standard

In this method the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 client (
\series bold 
zabbix_sender
\series default 
) initiates connections to a 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server (
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
 or 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapper
\series default 
) on an event driven basis.
 
\layout Subsection

Theory of operations
\layout Subsubsection

Data exchange protocol
\layout Standard


\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd zabbix_agent(d)
\layout Standard

Server ->[key]->Agent
\layout Standard

Agent->[result]->Server
\layout Standard

If received result is equal to '-1' then the agent does not support processing
 of required parameter.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset Info
Details !
\end_inset 


\layout Standard


\series bold 
zabbix_sender zabbix_trapper(d)
\layout Standard

Sender ->[server:key:value]->Trapper
\layout Standard

Trapper->[OK]->Sender
\layout Subsection

Database
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Database use plays a very important role in the 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 application.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
The entire history of received parameter values is stored in the database.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
In addition, the database is the sole source of configuration parameters
 for the application.

\latex default 
 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 performance depends highly on the efficiency and speed of the database
 used by 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Subsubsection

PostgreSQL Notes
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Performance of PostgreSQL can be significantly improved by executing the
 VACUUM command on the 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 database.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
I would suggest execution of VACUUM at least after the following events:
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is installed
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
10000 records in table "history"
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
patches applied on 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 database
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
For heavily loaded 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 servers, hourly execution of "VACUUM ANALYZE" for all tables except "history"
 is 
\emph on 
\latex default 
strongly
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 recommended!
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
You can use the command 
\emph on 
\latex default 

\newline 

\newline 

\family typewriter 
\emph default 
echo "vacuum verbose analyze"|psql zabbix
\layout Subsection

Zabbix Processes
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 supports several different processes that perform specific functions depending
 on the mode of execution that is utilised (inetd vs.
 standalone.)
\layout Subsubsection

Standalone Mode Processes
\layout Paragraph

zabbix_suckerd
\layout Standard

The 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 process resides on the server and periodically connects to agents (either
 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 native or SNMP) to get the values of parameters being monitored.
 After receiving the values, the process recalculates the status of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 triggers.
 Also, the process sends alerts to users if required.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

If 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 is unable to get value from an agent because of network problems, the value
 will be checked next time only after DELAY_ON_NETWORK_ERROR (defined in
 
\emph on 
include/common.h
\emph default 
, default value is 60 seconds.) Host status will be changed to UNREACHABLE.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

If an agent does not support requested parameter, 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 will change status of the parameter to NONSUPPORTED and will not try to
 get its value anymore.
 
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
By default, 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 forks 
\latex default 
five
\latex no_latex 
 copies of itself.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
This means that 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 will be able to get 
\latex default 
four (five minus process used for housekeeping)
\latex no_latex 
 monitored parameters simultaneously.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
To modify the number of forked processes, change the parameter 
\emph on 
\latex default 
StartSuckers
\emph default 
 in 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_suckerd.conf
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
.
 
\latex default 
Note that each forked process requires one connection to the database.
 Make sure that the database is able to provide this number of connections.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

One 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 process is used for housekeeping purposes only.
 The housekeeping process periodically (hourly, by default) deletes outdated
 information from the tables 
\emph on 
history
\emph default 
, 
\emph on 
alarms, alerts
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
sessions
\emph default 
.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Housekeeping process will delete all records from table alarms older than
 value defined in 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 configuration and delete all records from tables 
\emph on 
alerts
\emph default 
 and 
\emph on 
alarms 
\emph default 
older than value defined in 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 configuration.
 
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Parameter 
\emph on 
HousekeepingFrequency
\emph default 
 
\shape italic 
\emph on 
from 
\emph default 
zabbix_suckerd.conf
\shape default 
 defines how often housekeeping procedure must be executed.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

No command line switches are supported by 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

The 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 process is run as a daemon under a non-priveledged user account, usually
 
\emph on 
zabbix
\emph default 
.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Syslog or a file is used to store debug information for the process.
\layout Paragraph

zabbix_agentd
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process resides on the host being monitored.
 Its purpose is to provide request information to 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
When executed, the 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process forks himself (
\latex default 
five
\latex no_latex 
 
\latex default 
copies
\latex no_latex 
 by default).
 Load is balanced between each copy of the process.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
When a connection to 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is made, the agent 
\latex default 
dete
\latex no_latex 
rmine
\latex default 
s
\latex no_latex 
 if the connection is coming from an authorised server.\SpecialChar ~
 The 
\emph on 
\latex default 
zabbix_agentd.conf
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 file must exist and contain the IP address of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 server.
 Connections from other IP
\latex default 
 addresses
\latex no_latex 
 are rejected.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
No command-line switches supported by 
\latex default 
z
\series bold 
abbix_agentd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The process is run as daemon under non-priveledged user account, usually
 
\emph on 
\latex default 
zabbix
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Syslog 
\latex default 
or a file 
\latex no_latex 
is used to store debug information for the process.
\layout Paragraph

zabbix_trapperd
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The process collects information passed by active agents (
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_sender
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
).
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
By default, 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 forks ten copies of itself.\SpecialChar ~
 The parameter TRAPPERD_FORKS in 
\emph on 
\latex default 
include/common.h
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 can be changed to modify the number of forked processes.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
No command-line switches are supported by 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The process is run as daemon under non-priveledged user account, usually
 
\emph on 
\latex default 
zabbix
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Syslog 
\latex default 
or a file 
\latex no_latex 
is used to store debug information for the process.
\layout Subsubsection

Inetd Mode Processes
\layout Subsubsection

zabbix_agent
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process resides on the host being monitored.
 Its purpose it to provide requested information to 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.\SpecialChar ~
 The 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process is designed to be used with 
\series bold 
\latex default 
INETD
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 daemon.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Execution time of the process is limited.
 If the agent is not able to get the requested information within 
\emph on 
\latex default 
Timeout
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 seconds
\latex default 
 defined in 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agent.conf
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
, it kills itself.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

When a connection to 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
 is made, the agent reads 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agent.conf
\emph default 
 in order to determine if the connection is coming from an authorised server.
 The 
\emph on 
zabbix_agent.conf
\emph default 
 file must exist and contain the IP address of 
\emph on 
Zabbix
\emph default 
 server.
 Connections from other IP addresses are rejected.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

U
\latex no_latex 
se of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 (see below) instead of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is 
\emph on 
\latex default 
strongly
\emph default 
 
\latex no_latex 
recommended.\SpecialChar ~
 The 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process does not require extra 
\emph on 
\latex default 
fork()
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 and 
\emph on 
\latex default 
exec()
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 calls for every connection
\latex default 
, no frequent parsing of configuration file is required as well
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Subsubsection

zabbix_trapper
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The process provides trapping support for 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.\SpecialChar ~
 It constantly waits for connections from 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_sender
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 agents.\SpecialChar ~
 It is designed to be used with 
\series bold 
\latex default 
inetd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 daemon.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
If possible, it is recommended that 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 is used to provide trapping support.\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 The 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process does not require extra 
\emph on 
\latex default 
fork()
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 and 
\emph on 
\latex default 
exec()
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 calls for every connection.
 
\layout Subsubsection

Command line processes
\layout Paragraph

zabbix_sender
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The process, when executed, sends information to 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
 trapper (
\series bold 
INETD
\series default 
 or standalone
\latex no_latex 
.
\latex default 
)
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
zabbix_server\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
Name or IP address of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 server to connect.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
port\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
Port number to connect to 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.
 
\latex default 
(Port number of 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapper 
\series default 
process.)
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
host:key\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
Host name and key for value.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
value\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
Value for parameter "host:key".
 
\latex default 
Positive f
\latex no_latex 
loat numb
\latex default 
er or a character string.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
EXAMPLE:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\emph on 
zabbix_sender zabbix.abcde.com 10001 db.abcde.com:procload 2.34
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
In this example, 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_sende
\series default 
r
\latex no_latex 
 will send information about processor load on host 
\latex default 
db.abcde.com
\latex no_latex 
 to 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 server located at 
\emph on 
\latex default 
zabbix.abcde.com
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
.

\latex default 
 Value of
\latex no_latex 
 
\latex default 
t
\latex no_latex 
he processor load is 2.34.
\layout Subsection

Extending Zabbix agents
\layout Standard

Zabbix agents can be easily extended by using configuration parameter 
\emph on 
UserParameter.
 
\emph default 
For example, number of emails waiting for delivery may be defined as:
\layout Standard


\emph on 
UserParameter: mailq,echo /var/spool/mail/* | wc -w
\newline 

\layout Standard

See 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agentd.conf
\emph default 
 for already predefined (but commented) parameters.
\layout Subsection

Monitoring of MS Windows servers
\layout Itemize

using SNMP
\layout Itemize

using 
\series bold 
zabbix_sender
\series default 
 compiled under CygWin
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://www.cygwin.com}

\end_inset 


\end_float 
\layout Section

Zabbix Configuration
\layout Subsection

Configuration Methods and Execution Modes
\layout Standard

Depending on the configuration method and execution mode that is being utilised
 (polling vs.
 listening and inetd vs.
 standalone respectively) the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 server and 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 client have several different processes and names.
\layout Subsubsection

Polling mode server
\layout Standard

Server must be standalone mode, client can be 
\emph on 
either
\emph default 
 standalone or inetd mode.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Standalone:
\layout Standard

server\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
- 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\layout Standard

client\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
- 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Inetd:
\layout Standard

client\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
- 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\layout Subsubsection

Listen mode server
\layout Standard

Server can be 
\emph on 
either
\emph default 
 standalone or inetd mode, client 
\emph on 
must
\emph default 
 be standalone command line.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Standalone:
\layout Standard

server\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
- 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\layout Standard

client \SpecialChar ~
- 
\series bold 
zabbix_sender
\series default 
 (command line)
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard

Inetd:
\layout Standard

server - 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapper
\series default 
 
\layout Standard

client - 
\series bold 
zabbix_sender
\series default 
 (command line)
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Subsection

Configuration files
\layout Standard

All 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 processes can be configured by changing appropriate configuration files.
 After a change was made, restart of the process required.
\layout Standard

All 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 configuration files are stored in directory 
\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/.
\layout Subsubsection


\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_suckerd.conf
\layout Standard

The file contains configuration parameters for 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
.
 The file must exist and it should have read permissions for user 
\emph on 
zabbix
\emph default 
.
 Possible parameters:
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="15" columns="4">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="false" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="false" rightline="true" width="8cm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Mandatory
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Default value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

HousekeepingFrequency
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

The parameter defines how often the daemon must perform housekeeping procedure
 (in hours).
 If Postgresql is used, set the value to 24 as it will perform command 
\family typewriter 
\emph on 
VACUUM
\family default 
\emph default 
.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

StartSuckers
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

5
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Number of zabbix_suckerd to start (4-255)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

SenderFrequency
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

30
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

The parameter defines how often the daemon must try to send alerts (in seconds).
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Timeout
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

5
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Do not spend more than Timeout seconds on retrieving requested value (1-255).
 
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DisableHousekeeping
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

0
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

If set to 1, housekeeping procedure will be disabled.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DebugLevel
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

3
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Debug level ( 0 - none, 1 - critical, 2 - error, 3 - warnings, 4 - debug)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

PidFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
/tmp/zabbix_suckerd.pid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of file to store PID.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

LogFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of log file.
 If not set, syslog is used.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NoTimeWait
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Experimental parameter.
 If set, no sockets in TIME_WAIT state will exist.
 Works on FreeBSD.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBuser
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NULL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User name for connecting to the database
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBHost
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

localhost
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DB host name.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBSocket
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DB socket name.
 Used for non-TCP connection to MySQL database.
 Example: 
\emph on 
/tmp/mysql.sock
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBPassword
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NULL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User's password.
 If password is not used, then this parameter must be commented.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBName
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Database name
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Example of the configuration file can be found at 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_suckerd.conf
\layout Subsubsection


\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agentd.conf
\layout Standard

The file contains configuration parameters for 
\series bold 
zabbix_agentd
\series default 
.
 The file must exist and it should have read permissions for user 
\emph on 
zabbix
\emph default 
.
 Possible parameters:
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="9" columns="4">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="false" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="false" rightline="true" width="8cm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Mandatory
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Default value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Server
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Comma-delimited list of IP addresses of Zabbix servers.
 Connections from other IP addresses will be rejected.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ListenPort
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

10000
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Port number to listen
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

StartAgents
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

5
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Number of agents to start
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DebugLevel
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

3
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Debug level ( 0 - none, 1 - critical, 2 - error, 3 - warnings, 4 - debug)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

PidFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
/tmp/zabbix_agentd.pid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of file to store PID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

LogFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of log file.
 If not set, syslog is used.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NoTimeWait
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Experimental parameter.
 If set, no sockets in TIME_WAIT state will exist.
 Works on FreeBSD.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

UserParameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard
\align left 
User-defined parameter to monitor.
 There can be several user-defined parameters.
\newline 
Value has form 
\emph on 
<key>,<shell command>
\emph default 

\newline 
Example:
\newline 

\emph on 
UserParameter=users,who|wc -l
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Example of the configuration file can be found at 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agentd.conf
\layout Subsubsection


\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_agent.conf
\layout Standard

The file contains configuration parameters for 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
.
 The file must exist and it should have read permissions for user 
\emph on 
zabbix
\emph default 
.
 Possible parameters:
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="4" columns="4">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="false" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="false" rightline="true" width="8cm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Mandatory
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Default value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Server
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Comme-delimited list of IP addresses of Zabbix servers.
 Connections from other IP addresses will be rejected.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Timeout
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

3
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Do not spend more than Timeout seconds on getting requested value (1-255).
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

UserParameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard
\align left 
User-defined parameter to monitor.
 There can be several user-defined parameters.
\newline 
Value has form 
\emph on 
<key>,<shell command>
\emph default 

\newline 
Example:
\newline 

\emph on 
UserParameter=users,who|wc -l
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Example of the configuration file can be found at 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agent.conf
\layout Subsubsection


\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_trapper.conf
\layout Standard

The file contains configuration parameters for 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapper
\series default 
.
 The file must exist and it should have read permissions for user 
\emph on 
zabbix
\emph default 
.
 Possible parameters:
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="10" columns="4">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Mandatory
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Default value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DebugLevel
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

3
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Debug level ( 0 - none, 1 - critical, 2 - error, 3 - warnings, 4 - debug)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

LogFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of log file.
 If not set, syslog is used.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Timeout
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

5
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Do not spend more than Timeout seconds on processing received value (1-255).
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NoTimeWait
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Experimental parameter.
 If set, no sockets in TIME_WAIT state will exist.
 Works on FreeBSD.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBHost
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

localhost
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DB host name.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBName
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Database name
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBSocket
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DB socket name.
 Used for non-TCP connection to MySQL database.
 Example: 
\emph on 
/tmp/mysql.sock
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBUser
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NULL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User name for connecting to the database
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBPassword
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NULL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User's password.
 If password is not used, this parameter must be commented.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Example of the configuration file can be found at 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_trapper.conf
\layout Subsubsection


\emph on 
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_trapperd.conf
\layout Standard

The file contains configuration parameters for 
\series bold 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
.
 The file must exist and it should have read permissions for user
\emph on 
 zabbix
\emph default 
.
 Possible parameters:
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="13" columns="4">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Mandatory
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Default value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DebugLevel
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

3
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Debug level( 0 - none, 1 - critical, 2 - error, 3 - warnings, 4 - debug)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ListenPort
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

10001
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Port to listen
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Timeout
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

5
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Do not spend more that Timeout seconds on processing received value (1-255).
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

PidFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
/tmp/zabbix_trapperd.pid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of file to store PID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

LogFile
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name of log file.
 If not set, syslog is used.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

StartTrappers
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

5
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Number of trappers to start
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBHost
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

localhost
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DB host name.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBName
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Database name
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBSocket
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DB socket name.
 Used for non-TCP connection to MySQL database.
 Example: 
\emph on 
/tmp/mysql.sock
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBUser
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NULL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User name for connecting to the database
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBConnectOnEach
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

0
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

If 1, zabbix_trapperd will connect/reconnect on each value received.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

DBPassword
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

NULL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User's password.
 If password is not used, this parameter must be commented.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Example of the configuration file can be found at 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_trapperd.conf
\layout Subsection

Expression for triggers
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The expressions used in triggers are very flexible.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
You can use them to create complex logical tests regarding monitored statistics.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The following operators are supported for triggers:
\layout Description

- minus
\layout Description

+ plus
\layout Description

/ division
\layout Description

* multiplication
\layout Description

> more than
\layout Description

< less than
\layout Description

= is equal.
 The operator is defined as A=B <=> (A>B-0.000001) and (A<B+0.000001)
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
|
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
logical OR
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
&
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
logical AND
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The following functions are supported:
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
last
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
last (most recent) value, parameter is ignored 
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
min
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
MIN value for period of time, parameter - time in sec
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
max
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
MAX value for period of time, parameter - time in sec
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
diff
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
1 - if last and previous values are different, 0 - otherwise
\latex default 
.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
prev
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
previous value, parameter is ignored
\layout Description

str find string in last (most recent) value, parameter - string to find.
 1 - found, 0 - otherwise
\layout Description

nodata 1- if no data received during last 
\emph on 
parameter 
\emph default 
seconds, 0 - otherwise
\layout Standard

Note that all above functions (except 
\series bold 
diff
\series default 
 and 
\series bold 
str
\series default 
) 
\emph on 
cannot
\emph default 
 be used for non-numeric parameters!
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
A simple useful expression might look like:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\emph on 
{<server>:<key>.<function>(<parameter>)}<operator><const>
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example 1:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\emph on 
{sourceforge.net:system[procload].last(0)}>5
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
'
\emph on 
\latex default 
sourceforge.net:system[procload]'
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 gives a short name of monitored parameter.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
It specifies that the server is 
\emph on 
\latex default 
'sourceforge.net'
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 and the key being monitored is
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
'
\emph on 
\latex default 
system[procload]
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
'.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
By using the function '
\emph on 
\latex default 
last()
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
'
\latex default 
,
\latex no_latex 
 we are specifying we are referring to the most recent value.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Finally, 
\latex default 
'
\emph on 
>5
\emph default 
'
\latex no_latex 
 means that the trigger is true whenever the most recent procload measurement
 from 
\emph on 
\latex default 
sourceforge.net
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 is greater than 5.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example 2:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
More complex example:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\emph on 
({sourceforge.net:system[procload].last(0)}>5)|({sourceforge.net:system[procload].mi
n(600)}>2)
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The expression is true when either the current processor load is more than
 5 or the processor load was more than 2 during last 10 minutes.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example 3:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Use of 
\series bold 
\latex default 
diff
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 function.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\emph on 
({sourceforge.net:cksum[/etc/passwd].diff(0)})>0
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The expression is true when the previous value of checksum of 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/etc/passwd
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 differs from the most recent one.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Similar expressions could be useful to monitor changes in important files,
 such as 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/etc/passwd
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
, 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/etc/inetd.conf
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
, 
\emph on 
\latex default 
/kernel
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
, etc.
\layout Subsubsection

Grammar (BNF form)
\layout Subsection

Monitored Parameters
\layout Subsubsection

Flexible and non-flexible parameters
\layout Standard

Flexible parameter is parameter which accepts argument.
\layout Standard

For example, 
\emph on 
diskfree[*]
\emph default 
 is flexible parameter.
 '
\emph on 
*
\emph default 
' is any string that will be passed as argument of the parameter.
 
\emph on 
diskfree[/]
\emph default 
, 
\emph on 
diskfree[/opt
\emph default 
] - correct definitions.
\layout Subsubsection

List of supported parameters
\layout Standard

Sorted alphabetically:
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_port[
\latex default 
<ip,>port
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check
\latex default 
, if it is
\latex no_latex 
 possible to 
\latex default 
make TCP 
\latex no_latex 
connect
\latex default 
ion
\latex no_latex 
 to port number "*".

\latex default 
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 IP address is optionsl.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - can connect
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
1 - cannot connect
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example: Use c
\emph on 
\latex default 
heck_port[80]
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 to check either WEB server accepts connections.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_service[ftp
\latex default 
<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 FTP server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '21' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - FTP server is down
\layout Standard

1
\latex no_latex 
 - FTP server is running
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_service[
\latex default 
http<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 
\latex default 
HTTP
\latex no_latex 
 server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '80' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard

R
\latex no_latex 
esult: 0 - 
\latex default 
HTTP
\latex no_latex 
 server is down
\layout Standard

1
\latex no_latex 
 - 
\latex default 
HTTP
\latex no_latex 
 server is running
\layout Description

c
\latex no_latex 
heck_service[imap
\latex default 
<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 IMAP server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '143' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - IMAP server is down
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
1 - IMAP server is running
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_service[nntp
\latex default 
<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 C
\latex no_latex 
heck 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 NNTP server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '119' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - NNTP server is down
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
1 - NNTP server is running
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_service[pop
\latex default 
<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 POP server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '110' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard

R
\latex no_latex 
esult: 0 - POP server is down
\layout Standard

1
\latex no_latex 
 - POP server is running
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_service[smtp
\latex default 
<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 Email (SMTP) server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '25' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - SMTP server is down
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
1 - SMTP server is running
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
check_service[ssh
\latex default 
<,ip><,port>
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check 
\latex default 
if
\latex no_latex 
 SSH server is running and accepting connections.

\latex default 
 If port number is missing, '22' is used.
 If IP adress is missing, 127.0.0.1 is used.
 Both IP address and port number are optional.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - SSH server is down
\layout Standard

1
\latex no_latex 
 - SSH server is running
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
cksum[*]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Check sum of given file.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example:
\latex default 
 
\emph on 
cksum[/etc/passwd]
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
diskfree[*]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Amount of unused disk space for given volume
\latex default 
 (in Kb)
\latex no_latex 
.

\latex default 
 In case of mounted volume, unused disk space for local file system is returned.
\layout Standard

E
\latex no_latex 
xample:
\layout Standard


\emph on 
diskfree[/]
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 - returns free disk space for root volume.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
disk
\latex default 
total
\latex no_latex 
[*]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Amount of 
\latex default 
total
\latex no_latex 
 disk space for given volume
\latex default 
 (in Kb)
\latex no_latex 
.

\latex default 
 In case of mounted volume, total disk space for local file system is returned.
\layout Standard

E
\latex no_latex 
xample:
\layout Standard


\emph on 
disktotal[/]
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 - returns 
\latex default 
total
\latex no_latex 
 disk space for root volume.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
filesize[*]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Size of given file.
\layout Standard

E
\latex no_latex 
xample:
\layout Standard


\emph on 
filesize[/var/log/syslog]
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
inodefree[*]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Number of unused inodes space for given volume.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example:
\layout Standard


\emph on 
inodefree[/var]
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 - returns number of free inodes for volume /var
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
inode
\latex default 
total
\latex no_latex 
[*]
\latex default 
 Total n
\latex no_latex 
umber of inodes for given volume.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example:
\layout Standard


\emph on 
inodetotal[/var]
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
 - returns number 
\latex default 
of 
\latex no_latex 
inodes for volume /var
\layout Description

kern[maxfiles] Maximum number of opened files supported by OS.
\layout Description

kern
\latex no_latex 
[
\latex default 
maxproc
\latex no_latex 
]
\latex default 
 Maximum number of processes supported by OS
\latex no_latex 
.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
memory[buffers]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Amount of memory used for kernel buffers.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
memory[cached]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Amount of cached memory.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
memory[free]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Amount of unused physical memory
\latex default 
.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
memory[shared]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Amount of used shared memory.
\layout Description

memory[total] 
\latex no_latex 
Total amount of installed physical memory.
\layout Description

netloadin1[*] Average number of bytes received on iterface '*'.
 Average for 1 minute.
\layout Standard

Example: 
\emph on 
netloadin1[eth0]
\layout Description

netloadin5[*] Average number of bytes received on iterface '*'.
 Average for last 5 minutes.
\layout Description

netloadin15[*] Average number of bytes received on iterface '*'.
 Average for last 15 minutes.
\layout Description

netloadout1[*] Average number of bytes sent on iterface '*'.
 Average for 1 minute.
\layout Standard

Example: 
\emph on 
netloadout1[eth1]
\layout Description

netloadout5[*] Average number of bytes sent on iterface '*'.
 Average for 5 minute.
\layout Description

netloadout15[*] Average number of bytes sent on iterface '*'.
 Average for 15 minute.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
ping
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Always return 1.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
proc_cnt[*]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Number of processes called "*" running.
\layout Standard

E
\latex no_latex 
xample:
\latex default 
 
\emph on 
proc_cnt[inetd]
\layout Description

status Host status (0 - normal, 2 - unreachable).
 This parameter is calculated internally by 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
.
 No connection to an agent required.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
swap[free]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Free swap space.
\layout Description

system[hostname] Returns host name.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result:
\latex default 
string value.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example
\latex default 
 of returned value: 
\emph on 
www.sf.net
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
swap[total]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Total swap space.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[proccount]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Number of processes.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[procload]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Load average for last 1 minute.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[procload5]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Load average for last 5 minutes.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[procload15]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Load average for last 15 minutes.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[procrunning]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Number of running processes.
\layout Description

system[uname] Returns detailed host information.
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result:
\latex default 
string value.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example
\latex default 
 of returned value: 
\emph on 
FreeBSD localhost 4.4-RELEASE FreeBSD 4.4-RELEASE #0: Tue Sep 18 11:57:08
 PDT 2001 murray@builder.FreeBSD.org:/usr/src/sys/compile/GENERIC i386
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[uptime]
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
System's uptime.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
system[users]
\latex default 
 N
\latex no_latex 
umber of users connected.
\layout Description


\latex no_latex 
tcp_count
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Number of established TCP connections.
\layout Description

version[zabbix_agent] Returns version of 
\series bold 
zabbix_agent
\series default 
(
\series bold 
d
\series default 
) running on the server
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result:
\latex default 
string value.
 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Example
\latex default 
 of returned value: 
\emph on 
1.0beta3
\layout Subsubsection

SNMP parameters
\layout Standard

Example:
\layout Standard

Community: 
\emph on 
public
\layout Standard

Oid:
\emph on 
 1.2.3.45.6.7.8.0
\layout Standard

Key: 
\emph on 
<Unique string to be used as reference to triggers>
\emph default 

\newline 

\newline 
Note that OID can be given in either numeric or string form.
 However, in some cases, string OID must be converted to numeric representation
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Zabbix 1.0 will be free of this limitation.
\end_float 
.
 Utility 
\emph on 
snmpget
\emph default 
 may be used for this purpose:
\newline 

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
snmpget -On localhost public enterprises.ucdavis.memory.memTotalSwap.0
\layout Standard

\layout Subsection

Supported Parameters by Platform
\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 

\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="50" columns="7">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="true" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="15mm" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="15mm" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="18mm" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="15mm" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="15mm" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="15mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter/system
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Debian Woody (i386)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Debian Potato (i386)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

FreeBSD 4.3 (i386)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Solaris 5.8 (Ultra-60)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

HP-UX 11.00 (9000/800)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

AIX 4.3 (Power PC)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
memory[total]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
memory[shared]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
memory[buffers]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
memory[cached]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
memory[free]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
diskfree[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

disktotal[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
inodefree[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

inodetotal[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
cksum[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
filesize[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
swap[free]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
swap[total]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
swap[in]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
swap[out]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[interrupts]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[switches]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
proc_cnt[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_port[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_service[ftp]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_service[ssh]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_service[smtp]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

check_service[http]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_service[pop]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_service[nntp]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
check_service[imap]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
io[disk_io]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
io[disk_rio]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
io[disk_wio]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
io[disk_rblk]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
io[disk_wblk]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[procload]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[procload5]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[procload15]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[proccount]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[procrunning]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[uptime]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
system[users]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

version[zabbix_agent]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
ping
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

kern[maxfiles]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

kern[maxproc]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

netlodin1[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

netloadin5[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

netloadin15[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

netloadout1[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

netloadout5[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

netloadout15[*]
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

-
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
tcp_count
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
-
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\lang english
X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Section

Monitoring of specific applications
\layout Subsection

MySQL
\layout Standard

Configuration file 
\emph on 
misc/conf/zabbix_agentd.conf
\emph default 
 contains list of user defined parameters that can be used for monitoring
 of MySQL.
\newline 

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
### Set of parameter for monitoring MySQL server (v3.23.42 and later)
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
### Change -u<username> and add -p<password> if required
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=mysql[ping],mysqladmin -uroot ping|grep alive|wc -l
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=mysql[uptime],mysqladmin -uroot status|cut -f2 -d":"|cut
 -f1 -d"T"
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=mysql[threads],mysqladmin -uroot status|cut -f3 -d":"|cut
 -f1 -d"Q"
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=mysql[questions],mysqladmin -uroot status|cut -f4 -d":"|cut
 -f1 -d"S"
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=mysql[slowqueries],mysqladmin -uroot status|cut -f5 -d":"|cut
 -f1 -d"O"
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=mysql[qps],mysqladmin -uroot status|cut -f9 -d":"
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
#UserParameter=version[mysql],mysql -V
\layout Description

mysql[ping] 
\latex no_latex 
Check
\latex default 
, if MySQL is alive
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
Result: 0 - 
\latex default 
not started
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
1 - 
\latex default 
alive
\layout Description

mysql[uptime] Number of seconds MySQL is running
\layout Description

mysql[threads] Number of MySQL threads
\layout Description

mysql[questions] Number of processed queries
\layout Description

mysql[slowqueries] Number of slow queries
\layout Description

mysql[qps] Queries per second
\layout Description

mysql[version] Version of MySQL
\layout Standard

Example: mysql Ver 11.16 Distrib 3.23.49, for pc-linux-gnu (i686)
\layout Section

Getting Maximum Performance from Zabbix
\layout Subsection

Real world configuration
\layout Standard

Server with 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 1.0alpha12 installed (Linux 2.2, MySQL, Celeron/300Mhz, 32Mb, IDE) is able
 to collect more than 40 parameters per second from servers being monitored.
 How many servers can be monitored by 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 on the hardware, you may ask.
 It depends on number of monitored parameters and how often 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 should acquire these parameters.
 Suppose, each server you monitor has ten parameters to watch for.
 You want to update these parameters once in a 10 seconds.
 Doing simple calculation, we see that 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 is able to handle 40 servers.
 In case if these parameters need to be updated once in a minute, the hardware
 configuration will be able to handle 40x6=240 servers.
 These calculations made in assumption that all monitored values are retrieved
 as soon as required (latency is 0).
 If this is not a requirement, then number of monitored servers can be increased
 even up to 5x-10x times.
\layout Subsection

Performance tuning
\begin_inset LatexCommand \label{Performance tuning}

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

Performance of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 can be significantly improved by tuning:
\layout Subsubsection

Hardware
\layout Itemize

Use fastest processor available
\layout Itemize

SCSI is better than IDE
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Performance of IDE disks may be significantly improved by using utility
 
\series bold 
hdparm.
\end_float 
\layout Itemize

Use fast Ethernet adapter
\layout Itemize

Having more memory is always better
\layout Subsubsection

Operating System
\layout Itemize

Use latest (stable!) version of OS
\layout Itemize

Exclude unnecessary functionality from kernel
\layout Subsubsection

Zabbix configuration parameters
\layout Standard

Many parameters may be changed to get optimal performance ...
\layout Subsubsection

Database Engine
\layout Itemize

use fastest database engine, i.e.
 MySQL
\layout Itemize

use stable release of a database engine
\layout Itemize

rebuild MySQL or PostgreSQL from sources to get maximum performance
\layout Itemize

follow performance tuning instructions taken from MySQL or PostgreSQL documentat
ion
\layout Itemize

for MySQL, use InnoDB table structure
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
works at least 1.5 times (comparing to MyISAM) if InnoDB is used.
\end_float 
\layout Section

Zabbix Frontends
\layout Standard

Currently, the only frontend available is WEB frontend written in PHP.
\layout Subsection

PHP-based Frontend 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The frontend provides a convenient and platform-independent method for accessing
 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Information provided by the frontend can be either graphical or textual.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
While graphical representations usually provide the easiest method to understand
 trends, the text representation of monitored parameter is intended to provide
 an easy way to export 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 data to other analytical tools.
\layout Subsubsection

Menu
\layout Standard
\added_space_bottom 0.3cm 
Most of pages contain menu that visibly consists of three rows.
 First row contains end-user functionality.
 Second and third row is area for 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 administration.
 
\layout Paragraph

CONFIG
\newline 

\layout Standard

The menu item is used to set global 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 parameters.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="4" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Field
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Mandatory
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

SMTP server
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

IP address or name of SMTP server.
 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
sends alert messages via this server.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Value for SMTP HELO auth
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

No
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Usually set to domain name.
 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
will not use HELO authentification.
 Example: 
\emph on 
sourceforge.net.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
email address
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Yes
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
uses this address as source addredd for all emails.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

\layout Subsubsection

Reports
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbi
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
x reports represent collected information in structured way.
 All reports are produced in HTML format.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Report generation can be a very time consuming operation.
 Additionally, if you use MySQL or any other database with table locking,
 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 and 
\series bold 
\latex default 
zabbix_trapperd
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 will wait until the report is finished.
\layout Paragraph

Status of Zabbix
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
This report gives general information about the 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 server including:
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
whether the main 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 process is runnin
\latex default 
g
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
number of values stored in table history
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
number of triggers
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
number of parameters monitored
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
number of users
\layout Itemize


\latex no_latex 
number of hosts 
\layout Paragraph

Availability Report
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
This report calculates amount of time a trigger has been in true and false
 states.
 For example, suppose you want to know what percentage of the time your
 web server is down.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Assuming you have been monitoring the web server and have the "WEB server
 is down" trigger enabled, the availability report will display what percentage
 of the time the trigger was in the true state (web server down) and in
 the false state (web server running).
\layout Section

Zabbix utilities
\layout Subsection

Startup scripts
\layout Subsection

pinger.pl
\layout Standard

The script can be found in 
\emph on 
misc/pinger.
 
\emph default 
\latex no_latex 
The script is used to periodically s
\latex default 
e
\latex no_latex 
nd ICMP pings to list of servers.
 In case, if it does not receive response from host, it executes:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
zabbix_sender <server> <port> <host>:alive 0
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
otherwise:
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
zabbix_sender <server> <port> <host>:alive 1
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
The script is usually called from 
\series bold 
\latex default 
cron
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
.
 Configure the script before use.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Change location for "hosts" file.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
You must have 
\series bold 
\latex default 
fping
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 installed to successfully run the script.
\layout Section

Database structure
\layout Standard

The section describes structure of tables of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 database.
\layout Subsection

Diagram
\layout Subsection

ACTIONS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of actions to be applied if trigger change its state.
 
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="9" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

actionid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique action ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggerid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Trigger ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

userid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

good
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

delay
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

How often send the message (in sec)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

subject
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Sebject of the message
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

message
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

The message itself
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

nextcheck
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Time when the message should be send next time
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

ALARMS
\layout Standard

This table contains history of changes of trigger states.
 When a trigger changes its state, new record is added to the table.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="4" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggerid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

clock
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Timestamp when trigger chaged its status
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Value of the alarm.
 1 - the trigger became true, 0 - false, 2 - unknown
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

ALERTS
\layout Standard

This table contains history of alerts sent to users.
 
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="10" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

alertid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique alert ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

actionid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Action ID that generated this alert
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

clock
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Time when this alert was generated
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type of alert: 'EMAIL' - email based alert.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

sendto
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Recipient(s).
 In case of EMAIL, this defines email address.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

subject
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

In case of EMAIL, subject of the email.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

message
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

blob
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Message.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

status
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

0 - not sent, 1 - successfully sent.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

retires
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Number of retries.
 
\series bold 
zabbix_suckerd
\series default 
 will not send message if the value is more than 2.
 Increased after unsuccessfull try.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

CONFIG 
\layout Standard

The table contains global configuration parameters.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

smtp_server
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of SMTP server
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

smtp_helo
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

HELO string used for SMTP server
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

smtp_email
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Email address used by Zabbix
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

alarm_history
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Zabbix will not store records in table
\series bold 
 alarms
\series default 
 older than this value (in days)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

alert_history
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Zabbix will not store records in table 
\series bold 
alerts
\series default 
 older than this value (in days)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

FUNCTIONS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of simple functions used in trigger expressions.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="7" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

functionid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique function ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

itemid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Item ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggerid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Trigger ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

lastvalue
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

double
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Last (most recent) value
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

function
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Function name: LAST, MIN, MAX, PREV, DIFF
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

parameter
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Parameter to the function.
 Ignored if function does not need any parameters.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

GRAPHS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of user-defined graphs (charts).
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

graphid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique Graph ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of the Graph
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

width
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Graph width
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

height
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Graph height
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

GRAPHS_ITEMS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of monitored items belonging to graph.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

gitemid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

graphid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Graph ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

itemid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Item ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

color
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Color
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

HISTORY
\layout Standard

This table contains history of values of items.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="4" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

itemid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Item ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

clock
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Timestamp
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

double
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Value of the item at specific time
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

HOSTS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of monitored Hosts
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

hostid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique host ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

host
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Host name or IP address
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

status
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Host status: 0 - monitored, 1 - not monitored, 2 - unreachable
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="false" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

disable_until
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

In case if status is unreachabe, do not check host until this time
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

ITEMS
\layout Standard

This table contains definitions of monitored items.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="18" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

itemid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique item ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type of item: 0 - Zabbix, 1 - SNMPv1
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

value_type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type of received values (0 - float, 1 - string)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

snmp_community
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of community for SNMP requests
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

snmp_oid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Object ID for SNMP requests
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

hostid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Host ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

description
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description of the item
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

key_
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Key to be sent to host
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

delay
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

How ofter retrieve this item (in sec)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

history
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Do not store more than 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

history
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

 second of history data
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

lastdelete
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Time of last deletion from table 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

history
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 


\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

nextcheck
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Time when next value should be retrieved from host
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

lastvalue
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

double
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Last value retrieved from host
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

lastclock
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

iny
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Time when last value was retrieved
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

prevvalue
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

double
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Previous retrieved value
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

trapper_hosts
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Comma delimited list of IP addresses of hosts allowed to send data of the
 item
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

status
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Status of the item: 0 - active, 1 - disabled, 2 - trapped, 3 - not supported
 by agent
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

ITEMS_TEMPLATE
\layout Standard

The table contains list of supported items.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

itemtemplateid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID of item template
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

description
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Item description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

key_
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Key to send to host
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

value_type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type of monitored parameter( 0 - integer, 1 - string)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

delay
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

How often the key should be sent
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

MEDIA
\layout Standard

This table contains list of available medias for given user.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

mediaid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique media ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

userid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type of media: 0 - Email
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

sendto
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Address to send email to
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

active
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Status of the media: 0 - active, 1 - disabled
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SERVICES
\layout Standard

This table contains list of defined IT services.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

serviceid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique service ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description of the service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

status
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Status of the service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

algorithm
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Algorith used to calculate status of the service.
 0 - none, 1 - MAX status of child services
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggerid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Is this service linked to a trigger? NULL - it is not, otherwise trigger
 ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SERVICES_LINKS
\layout Standard

This table is used to define connections between different services to form
 IT Service tree.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

linkid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique link ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

serviceupid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of higher level service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

servicedownid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of lower level service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

soft
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

0 - hard link, 1 - soft link
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

RIGHTS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of user permissions.
 
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

rightid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

userid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Resource name
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

permission
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

char
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Permission (R,U,A,H)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

id
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Recource ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SYSMAPS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of defined network maps
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

sysmapid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique network map ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of the network map
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

width
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Width of the map
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

height
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Height of the map
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SYSMAPS_HOSTS
\layout Standard

The table contains definition of host displayed on network map.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="7" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

shostid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

sysmapid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Network map ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

hostid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Host ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

label
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Label displayed under host icon
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

x
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Coordinate X
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

y
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Coordinate Y
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SYSMAPS_LINKS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of connectors between hosts diplayed on network
 map.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

linkid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique Link ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

sysmapid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Network map ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

shostid1
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of first host
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

shostid2
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of second host
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

TRIGGERS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of triggers.
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="11" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggerid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique trigger ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

expression
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Trigger's expression
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

url
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

URL
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

description
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description of the trigger
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

status
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Status of the strigger.
 0 - enabled, 1 - disabled
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

value
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Value of the trigger.
 0 - false, 1 - true, 2 - unknown
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

priority
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

lastchange
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Time when value of istrue was changed
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

dep_level
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Dependency level.
 The number show how many other triggers depend on this trigger.
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

comments
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

blob
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Comments
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

TRIGGERS_TEMPLATE
\layout Standard

The table contains sample list of triggers for each template item.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggertemplateid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID of trigger template
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

itemtemplateid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of item template the trigger belongs to
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

description
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Trigger description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

expression
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Expression for the trigger
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SERVICES
\layout Standard

The table contains user-defined list of services.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="5" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

serviceid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID of service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Service name
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

status
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Status of the service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

triggerid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Trigger ID, if the service is linked to the trigger
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SERVICES_LINKS
\layout Standard

The table contains links between services.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="4" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

serviceupid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of higher level service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

servicedownid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

ID of lower level service
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

soft
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

0 - hard link, 1 - soft link
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

SESSIONS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of user sessions.
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="4" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

sessionid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique ID of the sessioservice
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

userid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

lastaccess
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Last time the session was used
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Subsection

USERS
\layout Standard

The table contains list of Zabbix's users.
 
\layout Description


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="6" columns="3">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="35mm" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="100mm" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Column name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Type
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

userid
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

int
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Unique user ID
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

name
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Name of the user
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

surname
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="left" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Surname
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

alias
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

User's alias (nickname)
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

passwd
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

varchar
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

MD5 hash of user's password
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Section

Problems and Common Errors
\layout Subsection

Authentication failed in case if user name and password is correct
\layout Itemize

Check system date on both 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
server and client machine where WEB browser is running.
 The difference should not be more than 20 minutes.
\layout Itemize

Browser should be configured to accept cookies.
 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
uses cookies to store session-related information.
\layout Subsection

Undefined references to 
\emph on 
compress 
\emph default 
and 
\emph on 
uncompress
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
/usr/lib/libmysqlclient.a(my_compress.o): In function `my_uncompress':
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
my_compress.o(.text+0xa1): undefined reference to `uncompress'
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
/usr/lib/libmysqlclient.a(my_compress.o): In function `my_compress_alloc':
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\emph on 
my_compress.o(.text+0x138): undefined reference to `compress'
\newline 

\layout Itemize

These messages indicate that 
\emph on 
./configure
\emph default 
 is unable to find 
\emph on 
libz
\emph default 
 installed.
 The problem should appear only in case if flag 
\emph on 
--enable-static 
\emph default 
is specified.
 Install package 
\emph on 
libz-dev 
\emph default 
package to ged rid of the problem.
\layout Section

How Zabbix Compares to Other Monitoring Software
\layout Subsection

Open Source monitoring software
\layout Itemize

BigBrother
\layout Itemize

Nagios
\layout Itemize

MRTG
\layout Itemize

...
\layout Subsection

Commercial monitoring software
\layout Itemize

SysOrb
\layout Itemize

HP OpenView
\layout Itemize

WhatsUp Gold
\layout Itemize

...
\layout Section

Zabbix in the future
\layout Subsection

TODO (1.1 stable)
\layout Itemize

Distributed monitoring
\layout Itemize

Get rid of Apache and PHP (2.0?)
\layout Itemize

Native agent for MS platforms
\layout Itemize

Data encryption (SSL)
\layout Itemize

Centralised monitoring of log files
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
to periodically generate and send by email set of standard reports in PDF/HTML/P
S format
\layout Itemize

Graphs to be included into alert's email
\layout Itemize

Improved WEB interface
\layout Subsection

TODO (1.0 stable)
\layout Itemize

support for IT helpdesk
\layout Itemize


\emph on 
./configure
\emph default 
 to correctly find SNMP libraries and headers (RedHat)
\layout Itemize

more reports
\layout Itemize

all 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
errors and warning to be numbered and documented
\layout Itemize

better support for SNMP (send and receive SNMP traps)
\layout Itemize

full set of regression tests
\layout Itemize

same time navigator for all graphs
\layout Itemize

add safe wrapper functions for strncat, strcpy, etc
\layout Itemize

change tigger status to 
\emph on 
UNKNOWN
\emph default 
 when status of a host is changed
\layout Itemize

Look at IPFC (AndrisM)
\layout Itemize

network map.
 Connect an icon to a trigger/service
\layout Itemize

fix 
\emph on 
proc_cnt[*]
\layout Itemize

create one universal 
\emph on 
chart.php
\emph default 
 to be used for graphs, charts, and trends
\layout Itemize

add MRTG-like graphs
\layout Itemize

add support for 
\emph on 
check_service[ldap]
\layout Itemize

add support for Kb,bytes,kps, etc
\layout Itemize

improve functionality of IT Services
\layout Section

Support of Zabbix
\layout Subsection

Free support
\layout Itemize

mailing lists at 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://sourceforge.net/mail/?group_id=23494}

\end_inset 


\layout Itemize


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
related discussions at 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://sourceforge.net/forum/?group_id=23494}

\end_inset 

http://sourceforge.net/forum/?group_id=23494
\layout Itemize

feature requests can be viewed and registered at 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?atid=378686&group_id=23494&func=browse}

\end_inset 


\layout Itemize

Email address of author and main developer of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 - 
\family typewriter 
alex@gobbo.caves.lv
\layout Subsection

Commercial support
\begin_float footnote 
\layout Standard

Currently available to Baltic states (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) only.
 Hopefully, other countries will be included in the list as soon as 
\series bold 
Zabbix 1.0 (stable) 
\series default 
is ready.
\end_float 
\layout Standard


\latex no_latex 
If support is an issue for you, several options are available as well.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
Please, contact 
\family typewriter 
\latex default 
alex@gobbo.caves.lv
\family default 
\latex no_latex 
 to get additional information on available 
\latex default 
commercial 
\latex no_latex 
support levels.

\latex default 
 
\layout Standard

Benefits of commercial support may include:
\layout Itemize

guaranteed response time
\layout Itemize

direct contact to 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 developers
\layout Itemize

customer-specific development made by 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 developers
\layout Itemize

feature requests are considered top priority
\layout Itemize

printed 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
manual plus installation on CD
\layout Itemize

other benefits
\layout Section

Credits
\layout Standard


\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
team w
\latex no_latex 
ant
\latex default 
s
\latex no_latex 
 to thank the guys from sourceforge.net for providing hosting for
\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
the project.
 
\latex default 
Our team
\latex no_latex 
 also want
\latex default 
s
\latex no_latex 
 to thank all the 
\series bold 
\latex default 
Zabbix
\series default 
\latex no_latex 
 users who have sent corrections and suggestions.

\latex default 
 
\latex no_latex 
This sort of feedback helps 
\latex default 
us
\latex no_latex 
 make the software better.
\layout Subsection

Developers of Zabbix
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
Alexei Vladishev 
\layout Standard

Has written most of 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 code including PHP frontend.
\layout Subsection

Contributors to Zabbix
\layout Standard

In alphabetical order:
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
ALEXANDER KALIMULIN
\layout Standard

Help with various issues related to C, C functions, etc
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
ALEXANDER KIRHENSTEIN
\layout Standard

Suggested fixes to make 
\series bold 
Zabbix 
\series default 
work under SCO.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
ARTURS ABOLTINS
\layout Standard

Patch to allow connection to MySQL using UNIX socket.
 Support for graceful shutdown in case if MySQL server goes down.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
CHARLIE COLLINS
\layout Standard

Startup scripts.
 Significant improvements of the Manual.
 Thanks Charlie!
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
DENIS USTIMENKO
\layout Standard

Support for quering SNMP parameters by IP address.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
DANIEL HIGGINS
\layout Standard

Improvements for email sending routines.
 Other changes.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
EUGENY BACULA
\layout Standard

Many suggestions for improvements.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
JEFF REDDING
\layout Standard

Support for non-GCC compilers
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
JOSH KONKOL
\layout Standard

Help with testing
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
KASPARS CIKMACS
\layout Standard

Lots of new ideas based on real experience of using 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
LAURIS STIGLICS
\layout Standard

Select criteria in for 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Status of Triggers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 


\layout Itemize


\noun on 
LUKAS MACURA
\layout Standard

Many ideas
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
MICHAL SUSZYCKI
\layout Standard

Help with autoconf and automake issues.
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
MIKE HOOLEHAN
\layout Standard

Help with making the 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 Manual correct and understandable.
 
\layout Itemize


\noun on 
OLIVER SIEGMAR
\layout Standard

Fixes in SQL statements of WEB frontend.
\layout Subsection

Supporters to Zabbix
\layout Section

Glossary
\layout Standard


\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="26" columns="2">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="false" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Term
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

GNU
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Generic Public License
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

SNMP
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

Simple Network Management Protocol
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\layout Section

GNU General Public License
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 Version 2, June 1991
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 Preamble
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
freedom to share and change it.\SpecialChar ~
 By contrast, the GNU General Public
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.\SpecialChar ~
 This
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
General Public License applies to most of the Free Software
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
using it.\SpecialChar ~
 (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the GNU Library General Public License instead.)\SpecialChar ~
 You can apply it to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
your programs, too.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
price.\SpecialChar ~
 Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
you have.\SpecialChar ~
 You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
source code.\SpecialChar ~
 And you must show them these terms so they know their
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
rights.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
(2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribute and/or modify the software.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
software.\SpecialChar ~
 If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
authors' reputations.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
patents.\SpecialChar ~
 We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
program proprietary.\SpecialChar ~
 To prevent this, we have made it clear that any
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
modification follow.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
0.
 This License applies to any program or other work which contains
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
under the terms of this General Public License.\SpecialChar ~
 The "Program", below,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program"
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law:
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
language.\SpecialChar ~
 (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the term "modification".)\SpecialChar ~
 Each licensee is addressed as "you".
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.\SpecialChar ~
 The act of
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
1.
 You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
along with the Program.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
2.
 You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
parties under the terms of this License.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
when run, you must cause it, when started running for such
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
License.\SpecialChar ~
 (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the Program is not required to print an announcement.)
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.\SpecialChar ~
 If
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
sections when you distribute them as separate works.\SpecialChar ~
 But when you
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
collective works based on the Program.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the scope of this License.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
3.
 You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
customarily used for software interchange; or,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
to distribute corresponding source code.\SpecialChar ~
 (This alternative is
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
received the program in object code or executable form with such
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
making modifications to it.\SpecialChar ~
 For an executable work, complete source
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
control compilation and installation of the executable.\SpecialChar ~
 However, as a
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
special exception, the source code distributed need not include
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
itself accompanies the executable.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
access to copy the source code from the same place counts as
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
4.
 You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
except as expressly provided under this License.\SpecialChar ~
 Any attempt
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
parties remain in full compliance.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
5.
 You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
signed it.\SpecialChar ~
 However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribute the Program or its derivative works.\SpecialChar ~
 These actions are
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.\SpecialChar ~
 Therefore, by
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the Program or works based on it.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
6.
 Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
these terms and conditions.\SpecialChar ~
 You may not impose any further
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
this License.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
7.
 If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
excuse you from the conditions of this License.\SpecialChar ~
 If you cannot
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
may not distribute the Program at all.\SpecialChar ~
 For example, if a patent
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
circumstances.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
integrity of the free software distribution system, which is
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
implemented by public license practices.\SpecialChar ~
 Many people have made
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
impose that choice.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
be a consequence of the rest of this License.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
8.
 If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
original copyright holder who places the Program under this License
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
countries not thus excluded.\SpecialChar ~
 In such case, this License incorporates
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the limitation as if written in the body of this License.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
9.
 The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
of the General Public License from time to time.\SpecialChar ~
 Such new versions will
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
address new problems or concerns.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.\SpecialChar ~
 If the Program
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
either of that version or of any later version published by the Free
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Software Foundation.\SpecialChar ~
 If the Program does not specify a version number of
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Foundation.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
10.
 If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
to ask for permission.\SpecialChar ~
 For software which is copyrighted by the Free
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
make exceptions for this.\SpecialChar ~
 Our decision will be guided by the two goals
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 NO WARRANTY
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
11.
 BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.\SpecialChar ~
 EXCEPT WHEN
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\SpecialChar ~
 THE ENTIRE RISK AS
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.\SpecialChar ~
 SHOULD THE
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
12.
 IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
 END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Appendix: How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
To do so, attach the following notices to the program.\SpecialChar ~
 It is safest
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
<one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Copyright (C) 19yy\SpecialChar ~
 <name of author>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
(at your option) any later version.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\SpecialChar ~
 See the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
GNU General Public License for more details.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
when it starts in an interactive mode:
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) 19yy name of author
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
parts of the General Public License.\SpecialChar ~
 Of course, the commands you use may
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
necessary.\SpecialChar ~
 Here is a sample; alter the names:
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
`Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
<signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1989
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Ty Coon, President of Vice
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
\SpecialChar ~

\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
proprietary programs.\SpecialChar ~
 If your program is a subroutine library, you may
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with
 the
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
library.\SpecialChar ~
 If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size footnotesize 
Public License instead of this License.
\layout Standard

\SpecialChar ~

\layout Bibliography
\bibitem {key-1}

MySQL Reference Manual for version 3.23.39
\layout Bibliography
\bibitem {key-2}

PostgreSQL User's Guide
\layout Bibliography
\bibitem {key-3}

PHP Manual
\layout Bibliography
\bibitem {key-4}

The Zabbix home page at 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \url{http://zabbix.sourceforge.net}

\end_inset 


\layout Part

Appendix
\layout Section

Warnings and Errors
\layout Section

Regression tests
\layout Standard

The following table contains list of tests applied to current Zabbix release.
 Each test case must be tested for each supported platform and for each
 supported database engine.
\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 

\begin_inset  Tabular
<lyxtabular version="2" rows="50" columns="5">
<features rotate="false" islongtable="true" endhead="0" endfirsthead="0" endfoot="0" endlastfoot="0">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="left" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="false" width="" special="">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top" leftline="true" rightline="true" width="" special="">
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Num
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Description
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Expected result
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass/Fail
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Comments
\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="1" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Installation procedure (1xxx)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="2" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
1001
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Unzip 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 release using tar and gzip
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
No error/warning messages
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Directory 
\emph on 
bin/
\emph default 
 exists
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
\emph on 
doc/manual.txt
\emph default 
 exists
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
\emph on 
doc/manual.html
\emph default 
 exists
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
\emph on 
doc/manual.pdf
\emph default 
 exists
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
\emph on 
configure 
\emph default 
exists
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
1002
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
./configure
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
No error/warning messages
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\emph on 
1003
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
./configure --with-mysql
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
No error/warning messages
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1004
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
./configure
\emph default 
 
\emph on 
--with-pgsql
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
No error/warning messages
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1005
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
./configure --enable-static
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
No error/warning messages
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Pass
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1006
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
make 
\emph default 
(after 1002)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1007
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
make 
\emph default 
(after 1003)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1008
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
make 
\emph default 
(after 1004)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1009
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Run 
\emph on 
make
\emph default 
 (after 1005)
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1010
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Try to compile 
\series bold 
Zabbix
\series default 
 with CC
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1011
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Load database schema into MySQL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1012
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Load database schema into PostgreSQL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1013
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Load data into MySQL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1014
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard


\size footnotesize 
Load data into PostgreSQL
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

1015
\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="false" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
<row topline="true" bottomline="true" newpage="false">
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="false" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
<cell multicolumn="0" alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="false" leftline="true" rightline="true" rotate="false" usebox="none" width="" special="">
\begin_inset Text

\layout Standard

\end_inset 
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset 


\the_end
